W show hello uh bit of a downer week
this week uh Gordon ma uh legendary PC
Hardware journalist has uh excuse me
Gordon ma um has has passed away at
58 um so we'll be talking a little bit
about that his family's got to gofund me
because you
know um late stage Healthcare in America
um can be real challenging yeah um so
that's a that's a real Downer uh we'll
also be talking about the honey
controversy that broke this week uh
turns out honey has been doing some
stuff that is not sweet uh what else we
got this week we talk about lonus on
Colin and Samir and we're going to talk
about a favorite moment moments of 2024
oh well well that sounds at least good
yeah
[Music]
oh the show is brought to you by jump
Cloud MSI and uh oh sorry I got totally
uh Bamboozled by myself boot. Dev boot
dodev right and of course uh it's
brought to you by our chair partner
secret lab our skin partner dbrand and
our laptop partner LG uh so why don't we
jump right into Mr Mr Gordon um
unfortunately I suck at professional
networking and while I did have the
privilege of meeting Gordon on a number
of occasions we weren't particularly
close but it's a funny thing because you
know just like anyone else that I kind
of cut my
teeth go away phone it's buzzing in the
mic uh anyone else that I kind of cut my
tech teeth reading
you know the Ryan shouts and the Anan L
shies of the world um you know Gordon
means more to me than I probably did to
him right um yeah you know like we did a
video a little while ago building a
Maximum PC dream PC from when I was in
high school like
that that was Gordon's Jam read those
yeah um yeah so I'm going to I'm going
to read the thing that our team prepared
just cuz that makes it a little bit
easier um Gordon ma executive editor of
PC World passed away at 58 which um
sorry I'm already going off script
seriously 58
like 58 is the new 48 honestly and it
seems way too uh way too soon um after a
battle with pancreatic cancer um insert
obligatory cancer I don't care how early
it is in the video apparently beeping
too early in the video is bad for the
algorithm but I think we can make an
exception here yeah um a pioneering
figure in Tech journalism Gordon had
over 25 years of experience particularly
in covering computer hardware and chips
he was known for his investigative rigor
sharp wit and strong personality which
resonated with both his colleagues and
the Tech Community uh Gordon's career
began in journalism as a police reporter
for the Contra Costa Times in 1997 he
would join Computer World and later
Maximum PC where he became famous for
his passionate often humorous commentary
and deep technical expertise he was the
driving force behind maximum PC's dream
machine project and its consumer
advocacy colum Watchdog later Gordon
joined PC World where he continued his
in-depth coverage of PC Hardware he
began his for into video with hardcore
Hardware series and the full nerd
podcast uh he was
actually shockingly good on camera for
one of the traditional like written
people like he I was not a given I can't
no oh it was not a given like
multi-talented guy it's very few people
that made that switch but he seemed as
natural on camera as he was on a written
page which
is pretty incredible um Parky in the
chat says never heard of him I guess I'm
too Zoomer I promise you that you've
read something Gordon wrote or read
influenced by yep Gordon I I I promise
you and the reason for that is that
um so much so many of the formats so
many of the um of of of the styles that
were started while he was there have
become just common place it's kind of
like saying um yeah I've never um oh man
I'm trying to think of like a of like a
a a really like a trend setting movie or
show or something like that it's okay
it's like saying yeah I've never seen a
bit from I Love Lucy it's like you have
you just don't know it because all the
characters recast and the script was
retooled slightly um but like Lucille
Ball was a was a trend Setter yeah um
anyway Gordon's work in Legacy in the
tech journalism space marked by both his
Technical knowhow and Larger than Life
Persona earned him widespread respect
and admiration can confirm Gordon was
committed until the very end publishing
video Hardware reviews as recently as
November 6th during the end of his
treatment wow
I give you my
personal line of Sebastian promise that
I will not be working up until a couple
of months before my
passing if I find out that I have a
serious illness I will peace so fast
that you guys won't even remember I was
ever
here um that is an
unbelievable level of commitment
and uh and actually super admirable
because you have to you have to know
that anyone who you know stays at it is
fighting hard oh yeah you know having
that uh having that confidence that
things are going to be normal someday um
and just pushing for his family I'm sure
yeah if you'd like to hear more about
about Gordon um there's Pages there's a
page full of heartfelt tributes on PC
World as well as lovely videos from tech
tech potato AKA uh Dr Ian cutris who is
one of the one of the folks that I grew
up reading a lot as well U as well as
Gamers
Nexus
um there's a whole bunch of discussion
topics here but I think that um the best
thing to do right now uh Dan can you go
ahead and get the GoFundMe linked in the
uh in the chat uh let's just hurry up
I'm just I'm just looking at this for
the first time this is actually
incredible uh massive shout out to the
community for stepping up here um why
don't we just finish it off but there's
no reason that you can't exceed a goal
so um Dan can I just give you the
company card and can you do that off
camera absolutely okay thank you uh it's
the one that I am kind of pulling out
here uh no that's this
one uh
um I don't know you'll find
it thanks
Dan um whoa AC3 Productions says Falcon
Northwest uh donated
25,000 massive shout out Kell what an
ABS what an absolute Chad um kelt's
super cool he's the kind of person who
as far as I can tell doesn't really need
to
um doesn't really need to
like oh sorry oh yeah yeah go ahead and
use that one that's fine thanks Dan um
Kel's the kind of person that as far as
I can tell doesn't really need to like
build gaming systems anymore if he
doesn't really feel like it um I wish
I'd gotten to I wish I'd gotten to know
Gordon better I I am like I said I'm
terrible at networking and I have a
tendency to just go to trade shows and
stuff and just go completely head down
in my work and it's stuff like this that
um makes me kind of regret that um
yeah did you get a chance to meet him at
least I met him twice yeah
okay uh just just finish it off they
have a goal um let's just make sure they
hit
it
um
yeah
yeah all right well on that note uh why
don't we why don't we move on to sort of
the other uh the other heavy topic for
this week which is of course um
honey so first of all uh big shout out
to Mega leg for um for the work that was
done reporting on uh what honey and
actually well parent company PayPal has
been up to with respect
to this is is truly a very professional
podcast video podcast whatever this
thing is thank you for that Luke yeah
since when are you the comic
relief your job is to laugh at the comic
relief you're the laugh alarms I think
that's my only standard alarm for this
week that I didn't pause for the week
cuz I was out that's my like leave for
wano alarm and then wano was early cuz I
have a flight to catch brilliant um yeah
so massive shout out to to meal leg for
the work that um that he put into
digging into what exactly Honey's been
doing um so I've got I've got a few
things to kind of discuss first of all
the only point from meal legs video that
we were aware of three years ago when we
halted our honey sponsorship was the
affiliate code ripping uh we heard about
that from some tweets uh like this one
from
Barnacles um we also saw it covered
um on our own
Forum here we go so there was that was
not that was not really um news that
part of it um but you know obviously as
a as as creators we saw that and we were
like hey um that's not really cool yeah
uh but we didn't really we didn't really
think that other than you know any
creator friends um that it was something
that impacted the general consumer so it
wasn't something that really merited a
full video or anything like that
um okay thanks Dan uh were you were you
live for that they heard you or no oh
okay Dan said he's done and the goal is
done but guys please
um I'm sure that the goal is really
helpful uh but I'm sure that any little
bits um could any little bits could
could help um yeah I don't think uh
GoFundMe looks like it's real time so
I'll have to wait a sec for that to come
through but okay thanks
Dan okay anyway affiliate code ripping
bad affects creators doesn't affect the
end user uh we we were not the only ones
who knew about the scam though here's a
video from 2020 I actually didn't watch
this one
but I don't know I the whole thing for
me with this is that Mega leg did reach
out to us for comment and my general
position on it was uh yeah we we dropped
these guys three years ago um this all
came out like the the affiliate ripping
stuff everything we knew about came out
years ago um very interested to see the
video on all the other stuff I don't
really know what exactly it has to do
with us I am a little confused at still
as to what exactly um it has to do with
us um anyway back when we dropped honey
we had a call with their executive team
it was clear that they had no intention
in uh intention to revise their business
model away from the affiliate code
ripping uh so we decided to end our
sponsorship agreement with them um if
we'd known about any of the more end
user Centric issues discussed in Mega
legs video such as purposely not giving
users the best deal possible because of
behind the scenes Partnerships with
companies we very probably would have
raised more alarm Bells but we had no
reason at that time to believe that
honey was anything other than what it
claimed to be which was a coupon finding
service that took an affiliate cut
um many in the industry stopped working
with honey without an LTT video being
made so I think that one
characterization of this whole situation
that we were the only ones that knew
we knew and didn't tell anybody is
um bizarre we were publicly informed by
other people and then acted on
it also we publicly posted on our Forum
that we dropped them and gave the reason
for it we've also never really been like
people have tried to draw parallels
between this and yui but yui's a tech
company that had huge end user problems
yes like this this is that's a totally
that's something that we do that is
something that we have done always and
yui had major implications like
immediately right now for user privacy
yeah um whereas honey uh it's it's in in
some ways it's like more Insidious uh
but in other ways it's
um it's less immediately damaging than
like hey an unencrypted feed of like
every camera that our company has
old like that's there's there's bad and
then there's
like really really really really really
bad and also in our realm um as for
karma why we took a sponsorship from
Karma they assured us that they didn't
do any link yoinking which when we
tested it seemed to be true uh we only
worked with them once we did four
sponsor spots on three videos and then I
guess didn't work with them anymore um
as for the landing page that uses our
likeness toote OTE honey we no longer
have any direct contacts that are
working there but we're working to have
the page removed hopefully we can uh
speaking of yui ankor still uses our
likeness um and with these really large
and in some cases overseas companies it
can be very difficult to get stuff like
that
fixed um Ikes orange says lonus people
think that because the video sort of
implies that only you knew so people are
misinterpreting that I mean I I think I
don't think it sort of implies I think
our prominent featuring in the video uh
leads people there I I don't really
understand that I don't really uh I
don't really I don't really get the
emphasis on us to be honest with you
um I I don't really I don't really know
what people are expecting me to say
about it other than yeah we we like
heard about it in the news same as
apparently basically everyone else given
how many folks stopped working with them
in the 2020 2021 time frame
and
um
yeah
cool um SE Surfer says it's also
arguable that LTT was by far the largest
channel and thus had the platform to
motivate wider change it's arguable it's
very difficult to argue I mean given
that Mr Beast was the number one honey
promoter I think that if you were to
make the argument that LT is bigger than
Mr Beast then um Not only would that be
a difficult argument you'd be kind of a
[__] idiot
so like
I I don't know
dude
um
cool yeah should we move on like I don't
really I don't I don't have a ton else
to say on this I think like I yeah
honestly when I was when I was I watched
the video and
I remembered us dropping honey but
didn't particularly remember the reasons
after some people brought up the the old
video that you had mentioned and a
couple other things I like vaguely
remembered that U but I wasn't really a
part of video stuff at that time so like
I don't know this I The Situation's
bizarre dude like I am a victim here I
was surprised by I don't know if people
noticed that yeah like as a creator for
whom uh affiliate revenue from Amazon
was uh in 2020 7% of our business team's
Revenue
um like this had a significant impact on
our business and absolutely it would
have impacted other creators too and
they are victims in this but it doesn't
change that anyone who affiliate who
relied on affiliate revenue and and who
had it skimmed by Honey was victimized
by honey we were compensated at least
partially by a lot of the yeah a lot of
the people that were sponsored by them
were which was like the internet at that
point in time yep but
like guys and then the Carmen now thing
looked bad working with them one time
that that's that's something that stood
out to me quite a bit during the video
was that it was assessed in its currenc
State because you you obviously can't go
back and assess it from the past um but
that gets tough because you don't know
like what you guys were saying they they
assured that it didn't work that way you
tested it okay cool they can change it
on you they could have changed it on you
immediately after the sponsor spots went
up well yeah I don't know I don't know
we don't know when it happened I don't
know that was it was all could have
happened years later like who knows
um yeah um Voit says for me it felt like
honey was quietly dropped as a sponsor
with no messy breakup could have been
any reason um but as you said back then
you only knew about the affiliate
ripping which isn't too bad especially
for users yeah exactly it's really bad
for creators yeah it's really bad for
creators but it was also being blasted
from the rooftops at that point in time
yeah like I don't know maybe Mega leg is
living up to his
name it's like at that point in time
it's also like not really our story to
break like if other people are already
reporting on it and it's getting around
a lot um yeah I think it's blowing up so
much right now because of
the um the downsides for
users yeah I I could see
that
yep um not sure yeah
so cool moving on yeah positive
things yeah yeah can we do that you want
to talk about the Colin and Samir um no
maybe 2024 why don't we talk about RTX
5090 oh because we don't know the price
yet so we can still kind of have fun and
we could pretend that like anyone will
be able to afford an RTX 590 do do you
guys want to play pretend for a little
bit sure okay I would I would like that
though uh cool I still have both kidneys
so I'm good nice nice not for long Dan
yay new images have leaked of a
populated RTX 5090 PCB and it looks
full oh my
goodness wow that is dense with two s's
that is wild so there's your allegedly
alleged 32 gigs of gddr 7
Rams there is all the vrms and then
there is all the rest of
them look at this thing do you have a
comparison to the 490 do you have both
up uh I I don't I don't have the 49 link
to it in the do oh is there a link in
the dark oh incredible okay and the 490
was already a dense M Jama cuz remember
the whole like through PCB cooling thing
um wow so that's what that's a 4090 uh
credit to wccf Tech for uh posting that
I don't know if they're actually the
original poster of it oh here's the
blank one I don't know what it is but
there is something about a blank
unpopulated PCB with just all the pads
that just is
like yeah right like damn like damn like
damn damn you know like
damn uh Dam we're losing it today yeah
so I slept about 3 hours last night just
so you have some idea like I'm dude I'm
I'm barely I'm barely functional today
so the the the room of the 590 is that
it has
21760 Cuda cores compared to the 490s
16,384 pretty big jump the memory goes
up to 32 gigs uh which you would have
needed
like you know beyond 490 in the past to
have which almost certainly means it has
a 512-bit memory bus which
is that combined with going to dddr 7
it's like what 16 modules of memory um
power stages 29 versus 490s 23 PCB 14
layers compared to the 490s 12 and the
MSRP probably too much for all of us I
don't know dude I don't know look at
this look at this $15.99 us I see only
three question marks that to me
indicates indicates and they might have
typoed we definitely yeah they might
have forgotten a decimal so we could be
looking at a single dollar we could be
looking at one $1 wow as low as $1 Luke
very nice um as low as
$10 I I think it could happen I think it
could happen discussion question is what
is your max limit on price assuming
performance is good compared to last
gen okay so here's the thing I think
I've talked about this a fair bit but it
Bears repeating because Nvidia Waits 2
to three years between releasing gpus
now so uh some of you probably don't
remember or weren't around for this but
when I saw the pricing of the 40 series
yeah I made a solemn oath I swore that I
would not upgrade to it I have kept that
promise yeah my VR machine is still
running a launch 380 okay okay my uh
personal rig is still running the 7900
XTX from the Radeon Challenge and my
like Land Machine in the landan room is
still running a um uh it's a it's a 3080
yeah it's a it's an EVGA 380 so is there
a price point for this hold no no I'm
not done yet I'm not done yet I have an
egpu for my uh Rog flow
x13
3080 my entire life 3,000 series enjoyer
is 3,000 series and below for NVIDIA
yeah and then on the oh yeah technically
I have one more machine I have a little
remember those little ack like mini
desktops I think so yeah with used an
mxm module yes okay so I have one of
those in my family room upstairs for
just like playing casual games on the TV
up up there sure
1080 still still going strong 1080 gang
represent um so I have no 40 series in
my life so with that said I'm coming at
this from an alternate angle I have a
different perspective on the 50 Series
because I've seen a lot of people like
flip the math out going well this isn't
worth it as an upgrade they're asking
way too much money but my upgrade is
from a 3080 class card or a 7900 which
is which is not on par with the the 490
it's more on par with like a 3090 TI
yeah right if we're being honest if
we're being honest especially if you
want to look at R Trace games then it
can even fall down below that and R
tracing is now mandatory in some titles
yes no that's that that's true Tomb
Raider or not Tomb Raider uh well guy
Tomb Raider yeah Nostalgia Tomb Raider
there we go yeah
um donates to a museum Tomb Raider great
looking game by the way you have you
played great circle yet oh okay oh my
it's so beautiful nice it looks
incredible worth the requirement uh well
that uh more complicated discussion no
more spicy takes more complicated
discussion yeah um so my upgrade is much
greater and my amenability to spending
way too much money is much higher
because I got three good years skipped a
Jen out of my 3080 okay so is there
still a
limit I'm afraid to say anything because
I really want
one and if I say something you want a
4090 480 if I say guys if it's over this
price then I'm going to skip this
generation i' still be on 3,000 then I'm
going to be stuck on 3,000 for another
like three more years five total years
yeah yeah and then six and then
6090 nice is going to arrive and it's
going to be it's going to be like
$4,000 and I'm going to be like and if
it's over $3,800 I'm not buying and I'm
going to be running a 3080
forever oh man maybe maybe at that point
in video or Intel will be so good that
you'll be
fine that's a lot of years from now
6,000
series massive respect to what Intel has
done with Arc battle mage got a lot of
work
massive massive respect and and and
they're catching up to Nvidia in the
ways that I think matter more for the
future that makes sense so there they're
they're still when we look at die siiz
to die siiz
comparisons they're behind on raster
when we look at performance per watt
dude they're behind but when we look at
what Intel is doing on the software side
their driver team is doing the work on
the tech side their AI performance even
though the support for it is not great
yet good yeah their R tracing
performance good yeah they're very
forward thinking which is good yes so so
all that's great but let's face it they
are not going to have a 59d competitor
they may not have a 69d competitor they
just got to release an an SLI competitor
enough and then just put like four of
them in although let them virtualize
them we do need a reason for pcie Gen 6
like let's do it um okay no no no no no
no no no no no but I I think for I think
at at mainstream price points I I I I
hope Intel is going to just crush it
just give us a give us we'll see how
rough 50 60 coming out is okay whenever
that happens I the the price I've seen
rumored is is 2 Grand
US yeah that's the price that I've seen
rumored but that goes back far like I
haven't seen I I intentionally don't
really follow the rumors that closely in
the leadup to a product launch because
realistically I'm going to get briefed
on it anyway and that will be the real
information anyway right now isn't that
like 2,800 CAD yeah more it's it's
probably more like $ 2900 Canadian
dollars yeah 2000 USD Cad and I think
what oh yeah 2884 what's median what's
median income these days like 38,000 or
something like that median income
Canadian oh my actually oh wait is this
household median
income hold
on median income was
41,700 in
2022 um yeah so
here's my source
wildwood.com by the time you actually
like get taxed on that and stuff yeah
the tariffs guys the tariffs wouldn't be
from China they'd be from Taiwan
um which ones people are like oh you
have to factor in tariffs now uh no you
we could end up I I I I doubt it um but
that would only be for the states anyway
for Canada I I doubt that we would be
paying any kind of import tariffs on
Chinese exported gpus they're going to
start smuggling gpus over the board yeah
the gpus themselves are made in Taiwan
but a lot of the card assembly is done
in China so the finished GPU would
probably be subject to any Chinese
tariffs but but that's all speculative
until after January sometime so for the
sake of
discussion yeah two
USD that's too much I'm going to do it
what if it's
2200 stop what you I'm not going to let
you pin me down on this I'm not g no I'm
not going to commit to anything I'm not
going to commit to anything I just is
there you don't have to vocalize it is
there a limit you don't have to tell
anyone just in case you want to get out
of it or whatever is there a point where
you would be like is there a soft limit
right now I don't want to open my wallet
because you're going to like for for a
context he's not going to buy one no no
I
will I'll buy one okay look if I'm G to
say I accept this
madness I can't just I can't just use my
influencer clout to be
like to summon one I don't I don't think
that's right because I took a principled
stand on 40 series I was like this is
too expensive I won't even use it if I'm
going to break that I think I have to
pay for it going from 1,600 to two grand
in one generation doesn't deserve a
principled stand
Luke What GPU do you
run I don't want to talk about it uhhuh
what is it I know what it is it's it's
pretty good yeah what is it it's pretty
good well if you want to see it you
should check out the uh the line of
actives video uh on Bulbasaur see I have
no problem I have no problem I have no
problem gifting you know a 40 series to
someone that that's that's no I I didn't
need to get involved in this I just
wouldn't yeah I just wouldn't buy one I
just I I wouldn't I wouldn't buy a 40
series and so because I didn't want to
hack and just request one then I was
like use them yeah he he actually didn't
reest I mean he did hint to someone Oh I
thought you were bringing up the video
he did I was it was I just didn't know
you were doing that let me bring it back
he did hint to someone that he kind of
wanted an upgrade or something I think
or maybe no maybe Jake's idea I think it
was Jake's idea
um
anyway let me make let me make at risk
of being called an advocate for the
Devil
Himself let me make an argument for my
$2,000
GPU okay okay okay I'm hold on I'm going
to find
something um cuz to be fair that's like
really close to the current cost of my
current car yeah oh yeah I used to talk
about like you know the first car that I
bought as a as a scale for computer
parts uh now it has to be the one that I
drove here
today which is
crazy you can you can buy something that
literally gets you from A to B instead
of something that like digitally gets
you from A to B when I was growing
up a computer setup at Future Shop okay
okay hold on so you know where I'm going
with this but hold on a computer setup
from Future Shop would have probably
cost you somewhere in the neighborhood
of 2500 to
$4,400 okay right that was in like 1998
dollar um and they could have easily
gone more like easily you could spend
five grand on on a computer on a on a
personal computer as they called them
back
then I would make the argument that like
TVs PCS in spite of some of the utter
craziness of the last few years have
actually beaten
inflation you can still get for like
$4,000 a computer tower and the fact
that it can contain something as
powerful as a
4090 actually kind of impressive kind of
cool it is not that wild to spend three
four five grand on a PC once every you
know five to six years and it's pretty
wild and well but it's not it's not it's
also not wild like it's it's a thing
that when I grew up was normal every
family when Tech scales you don't have
to keep spending the same amount no you
don't but you also can and you can get
you can get a PC that is vastly more
powerful than that 1998 machine for 500
bucks yeah so you absolutely don't have
to but but I also thinkone I also think
that for something that is that is a
purchase that you will use for an
extended period of time and that you
will get much much much much much use
out of it is not entirely
unreasonable I don't know if you're
going to get that much use out of
it yeah that's fair I don't I don't
really get to gain that much does I feel
like it's like however on your ally
however which of us is further into our
playthrough of the pixel remaster of
Final Fantasy 6 you or me wait are you
playing it it's on sale I picked it up
oh no he's going to beat
me I said I was going to play it this
week that I had actually a very busy
week and had no time speaking of my Ally
oh boy where are you at well let's just
see why don't we just see if you
recognize where I am because part of the
problem is that he he quote unquote
doesn't have any time to play games but
then you'll see him jump on a game on
Steam at like midnight and it's like oh
I wonder what he's doing but then you
know it's not on his computer that he
would have spent all these thousands of
dollars on I could stream
it wrecked on the Ally yeah of
course is there a camera on the what no
no no not that kind of streaming so
you're just going to like
oh why would you stream the pixel
remaster so I could get like 9,000 FPS
who cares don't worry about it okay so
here here's what we're going to do
here's what we're going to we're going
to play a little game called do I know
where you are do you recognize where I
am no all
right so you've had it for like a couple
days
QED all right well you're going on a
trip are you going to play it on your
trip yep darn
it well where are you at are you still
at the uh Imperial magitech facility no
I'm past that you past that yeah oh okay
are you at the sealed gate
past that I believe uh so you've had the
banquet no I don't think so you're
probably somewhere somewhere in that
neighborhood yeah okay well I'm not
going to spoil anything not going to
spoil anything
um I will say though that if I feel like
treating myself to a nice gaming PC I
think that uh unlike some people I can
complete a game in a year so I should be
entitled to do that uh I wanted to do it
this holiday season I was so ready for
you to tell me I don't game I was so
ready dude yeah I I my my brother spun
up a family holiday valheim server so
we've been play together my brother my
dad sometimes Emma so that took the time
that I thought I was going to spend
playing Final Fantasy 6 that's pretty
cool though that seemed fair I respect
it I respect I'm still going to try it
now that I know you're on the on the
track I'm still going to try to get it
out all right get it finished pretty
quick all right let's go let's go I've
I've spent a lot of time like dinking
around doing stuff I totally don't need
to do I will say this though the pixel
remaster is easy oh oh dude okay that
makes sense it is so easy because I've
I've heard you talk and I've heard a lot
of other people talk about like needing
to grind a bunch and stuff and and
certain fights that you're like oh this
is really hard and then I went and did
it I was like I don't think I did
anything special dude was hard it's like
a joke okay so they difficulty tuned it
laughably easy well it's not just like
it's not just difficulty tuned it's like
um certain things were broken in the
original game the evade stat literally
didn't work okay um so you like always
got hit but would miss a lot and it was
real real frustrate um also the ability
to to just turn off Random Encounters
while you find your way through
something like I I to this day didn't
realize how small some of the dungeons
were because when you're getting into F
so much random encounter every three
steps they
feel huge they feel enormous like you
could never navigate them that almost
feels like some of the difficulties
sometimes is the like time between
potential rest areas so being able to
turn that off oh dude and the the way
the saving works it has like quick save
yeah oh dude the game didn't have quick
save you went back to the last like Star
those stars were like
will there be one more random encounter
before I get there like it was a huge
deal and like dude the map definit using
the map marks The chocoo
Stables yeah those weren't on the
map well aren't they in the player guy
oh okay I don't think so hold on hold on
Final Fantasy 3 included map North
America I don't think so though like you
definitely would have been able to get
um here here's one You definitely would
have been able to get like a like a a
strategy guide or whatever back in the
day yeah um but
no yeah so like so
traversing ground was like tough yeah if
you didn't like have a friend who knew
where they were or whatever right like
it was I didn't turn off Random
Encounters I've never bought a chocoo oh
you don't you don't have to buy them or
rented or whatever oh oh okay okay um
you definitely oh being oh dude being
able to walk
diagonally I do I do that huge yeah huge
cuz that's literally one a half one step
for two yeah um oh what's uh what's
another big one oh yeah the fact that
you have Sprint shoes always equipped
you had to use a relic slot to be able
to walk fast oh and you couldn't walk
fast outside of towns oh yeah so like
hiking was tedious like there there's a
lot that they've done to make oh the
explanations for like what equipment
does and what espers do and stuff has
been I find some of that to still be
weird has been upgraded but the
interface for equipping espers is
actually worse I did it once and
couldn't find it again the next time I
went to play the OG interface is so much
better um actually for espers and seeing
seeing all the Spells they teach and
also the um the level up stat boosts
that they give you now part of why it's
comically easy for me is that I'm
obsessively going in after every random
encounter and like fine-tuning which
espers are on my guys so that I make
sure that I get the best like level up
stats oh I'm definitely not doing that
yeah don't do that don't do that cuz it
it makes the game like comically easy it
also doesn't feel necessary to be honest
anyway back to I've never lost really
yeah oh I've still I've still managed to
lose some but it might just be because
I'm like Clowning Around maybe um you'll
you'll lose some stuff I'm sure I've
gotten very close a few times there was
one of the like I think it was more of a
mini boss than an actual boss but I
don't know if my scaling was weird for
that fight or something but I found it
very hard I went down to one person at
one point but was able to bring people
back up are you um are you are you
leveling up all of your characters or do
you just have like one main party of
four that you just are going with uh
there's a couple people that I really
try to always have there but other than
that I'm mostly trying to cycle a little
bit oh another big one is sabin's
blitzes like you had to enter them
without any
indicator so you just like wouldn't find
out until he went to execute the action
and' be like yeah you input it wrong
yeah and so he does this thing he'd go
forward and his eyes would flash like
he's about to do it and it would just
say incorrect Blitz input and he'd go
back also uh Cayenne um you know how you
just like pick whatever sword technique
you want to use yes he had a timer
so you had to
wait and if you played like me with
active turn battle so like everything's
happening in real time while you're
sitting in the menus if you're waiting
for like quadr slam for his Force that's
you're like waiting and getting like
creamed yeah um so there were there were
some big big difficulty differences yeah
like sabin's in my party all the time
yeah I think he's my my like main I
guess but most other people swap out a
little bit he was he was less reliable
in the original version unless you were
like really good at the inputs I think
I've only ever missed one cuz it it
displays it easy you can't screw it up I
was like oh yeah I only missed one
because I just like fat fingered a
button or something I was like oh crap
it was yeah yeah that's about it and
sometimes you can get unlucky like when
the parties split up and you recruit
Shadow yeah you you know about that uh
there's a there's a random there's an r
and he can leave after the first I had
him leave after the first fight once
yeah he's stuck with me for quite a
while and I was like okay that's
cool pretty neat good
game well designed it'd be nice if be
yeah if that started after like at least
a few fights or something yep um also
because I've played the game before I
know when to like unequip guys cuz
they're going to like leave so that I
I've gotten wrecked by that a couple
times where like a lot of really good
things go into one person and they piece
for like a while it's like okay yeah pry
now when they come back those things
aren't very good anymore and the sell
rates is pretty rough I don't actually
know what it is but it's pretty rough so
5090 right I'm going to buy one to play
Final Fantasy 6 on your ally to play
whatever to play to play whatever I want
to play to play ano released 5 years ago
on your PC dude I just got a a 4K 240 HZ
in it supports DP 1 uh 2.1
wait I didn't get
anything I'm not talking about anything
but if you did get something in the
future then there'd be a video about it
for sure and you'd want to make sure
that you had something powerful to run
it I guess yes just in case cuz that
those potential resolution and frame
rates that would be really tough just
yeah yeah you didn't say who it's from
yeah that's true actually yeah yeah that
helps quite a bit uh cool and anyway um
apparently it's got a single 12vt 2x6
power connector which replaces 12vt high
power ah um shorter sensor pins longer
conductor terminals okay or hear me out
Nvidia PCI E8 pin just put a bunch of
them on like we used to you know what
forget it actually a bad idea all right
what are we supposed to be talking about
uh explain merch
messages uh yes a few of you have found
them already I assume Dan how's the
merch messages going over there they're
pretty good I'm up just fine really okay
well we haven't really talked for anyone
who doesn't know about it yet about the
deal we have running on the all new
commuter backpack it's here let's
go you've looked at it already right I
have one oh you have one how do you like
it it's very
nice I immediately I I traditionally
walked around with the power connector
and laptop just like loose around work
and now it's my like my work backpack
which is nice let's go this is it folks
the commuter bag it is selling like
billio um people are absolutely loving
this thing I've got a fully loaded one
here we're going to switch to the Linus
oh okay we're maybe going to have to
adjust this at some point because I oh
just hit my mic yeah holding it on this
side with the mic is very challenging
anyway it's got two water bottle holders
they are the same size both of them um
no it's okay we have two water bottle
holders so you can use one for your
umbrella one for your water bottle
whatever you like we've got our pouch of
holding oh my goodness I'm dying um are
you sure you don't want me to hold it
yeah I'd be fine but I got some tennis
elbow so my arm is in a lot of pain okay
yeah yeah if you just want to finish on
doing the zipper that'd be great there
we go so it comes all the way down put
your mouse in there put your text sack
in there put your notepad in there your
SSD in there your pen your screwdriver
of course with our classic
zippered screwdriver pocket in case you
drop a bit or something like that in the
bottom we want to make sure you guys are
able to get that out we've got a
sunglass holder in the top sunglass
poach right in there get your get your
sunglasses in there and then of course
it's Tech forward Zips all the way down
so you can reach all your good stuff
with two spots for battery Banks or even
gigantic power bricks and cables and
then a tablet slot as well as a laptop
slot and another zipper pouch there
and the best part and the part that has
got people losing their minds is I saw a
lot of pricing speculation with people
saying like yeah two 150 150 that' be
like that'd be like sick 150 would be
great but I'm afraid to hope for it cuz
it's all the same quality materials as
the original bag YKK zippers reprieve
fabric made of recycled water bottles
all that good
stuff but we did it 150 and for a
limited time only and I really do mean
limited time only it is $30 off it is
120 if you buy it through YouTube
shopping
oh I just want to give you guys a little
update here
um hold on I'm just going to refresh the
thing so I already told people on the
WAN show before someone says I missed
the YouTube deal sad no you didn't the
YouTube deal is active it's active now
um I told you guys before it's limited
to 1,700
units so far and Luke can verify this
cuz apparently I'm a I'm a big liar in a
scumbag if you believe all of the recent
scandals or whatever um we are at 12,
yeah
635 units so we still have what does
that work out to 4400 units at the
discounted
price it is possible possible it is
possible that they will not make it
through the weekend so if you guys want
to pick one up the discount is through
YouTube
shopping what those numbers make no
sense oh 17 177,000 we have 17,000 say
1700 my bad uh well I mean I'm a big
liar so probably that's probably it um
so we have we have 4400 more discounts
you buy it through YouTube shopping
which Dan is it set up on W show today
should be pinned um I've seen some stuff
that you might have to disable ad
blocker for it to show up if you are
using one that makes sense thatn yeah as
well so you have to you have to click on
the little product okay so I'll go to my
laptop you have to click on this thing
uh and then when it goes to the store
it's not going to show the discount
immediately so you have to add it to
your cart it shows the full price you
have to add it to because it's YouTube's
discount whatever so you have to add it
to your cart and then in your cart you
see it boom someone says WTF not on
float plane that's because the money the
$30 YouTube is not from us yeah so when
your payment goes through YouTube kicks
in $30 we are getting
$150 but to promote YouTube shopping
Google is is sort of co- launching this
product with us an
extremely extremely generous offer um we
would be charging $49.99 and we're going
to keep selling this backpack for years
at
$149.99 um and based on the reactions
that people had to the original price
when we announced it um that that's
going to do great and it's going to go
Gang Busters for us for everyone who
doesn't see this message right now but
Google is pitching in
$30 so you could see that oh I will not
talk in any more detail about
anything uh
cool anyway buy it through YouTube
chopping
$19.99 oh see you later I don't know I
got like four messages from he just says
stop talking so I'm good it's it's
technically
120. got him Li say liar again yeah
confirmed confirmed
unethical why are you hiding the rest of
the zeros from us free the floats any
anyway the point is we love YouTube
shopping
and we love our Google overlords I don't
think they love us right now I don't
know maybe they won't
notice okay well that's a merch message
would you like me to read you one before
you do the announc oh yeah we should
explain merch messages so uh while
you're checking out on the store you can
leave a merch message if you just put
something in your cart you'll get a
little box hey there you go and you can
send a merch message producer Dan who
looks like this and is in the dark today
um okay we couldn't afford power over
Christmas Christmas was uh we had too
many Christmas lights running we
couldn't afford any lights for Dan um
the lake dried up anyway it'll go to
producer Dan who will pop your message
up here or give you a response or curate
it for me and Luke to respond to on the
show Dan do you want to show us how it
works sure hi LDL looking at where Luke
is today what do you guys think about
lying on your
resume I'm looking for a new job and
want to know what you guys think keep up
the good
work well being an unethical liar I
would say lie as hard as you can as much
as you can um I wouldn't advise it by
the time Luke first of all
Luke faked it till he made it yeah that
part's pretty important he did manage to
successfully perform the job functions
as expected even though he did not have
the experience that he claimed to have
when he came into it he figured it out
so you're going to have to be ready to
do that and by the time he got busted or
rather admitted it to me it was in a an
as friends conversation as friends and I
was like oh you also this is far from
the worst you've done at this point so I
believe sounds about right it's not it's
not a good way to kick off our
relationship though yes and I wouldn't
advise you to try it yeah yeah oh man
yeah I've also like I've had a not
insignificant amount I I kind of wish I
never said it on camera not because I
don't mind owning it but because people
have like taken it as like uh I'll do
this to him and it'll be funny thing oh
it serves you right and I've caught a
bunch of people doing it and then I'm
like well I can't like this isn't it
doesn't work yeah if you get so it's one
of those things where it's like big bet
big reward big downside yeah right bet
big you either win big or lose big
because if we don't catch you maybe you
get the job if we catch you you will
almost certainly be removed from any
consideration yeah and a lot of the a
lot of the positions have like and
technically the one that I did had a
form of testing as well but a lot of the
positions here have some form of testing
or like a trial period or something like
that my interview process for him was a
three-hour Vibe check so and and we
filmed something MH um in Fair his
filming stuff back then was as simple as
like oh yeah can you make sure that the
correct object is zo so just do this
dude with that said though you'd be
surprised at how many people [__] that
up they just couldn't they just like
couldn't I'd be like cuz like for you
it's obvious right if I'm like uh you
know Google's had an amazing year this
year they've come out with this and
they've come out with that and what I
really want to show you is this and I
look at okay so to him that's obvious
you wouldn't believe the number of
people who just stayed on me while I was
literally not even looking in the lens
and I'm like talking about this thing in
my hands and I'm
like this this for the love of God this
there was no second take back then so
yeah especially cuz a lot of it
legitimately was taking the thing out of
the box and in many cases that was
breaking seals so like there there was
no second take yeah zmbt says Luke
Luke's problem was he just focused the
camera on the
road that's a good reference yeah a
that's a quality
[Laughter]
reference oh
man anyways yeah don't yeah don't do
that don't do that
y dear Duke oh hold on hold on by East
one says there is no second take because
there's only one tape
there were times we
cheated oh yeah if something went
catastrophically wrong we would turn the
box around yeah and break the seal on
the other side for sure yeah it's just
you you don't aim to do that yeah that's
supposed to be like a really really
like last solution type situation uh do
you want to show um Lieutenant beefy
where YouTube shop is really quick one
more time there's a few people that are
having trouble finding it sure uh if you
are having trouble finding it so it's
it's on the 6 months ago it you with
this LTD store commuter back not a great
still frame
uh um uh if you're having trouble seeing
this little block right here it's
probably something to do with ad
blocking or tracking blocking or
something like that some type of add-on
you have or potentially your browser but
you're probably running Chrome so it's
probably fine um should be on this W
show as well oh okay I didn't know that
that's Co should be pinned in this Swan
show I sure hope so
let's see let's
see there it is cool okay so that's how
you do it and then that should bring you
yeah right here and then again when you
get when you get to this page it's not
going to actually show it lower you have
to add it to your cart and then in the
cart it will be discounted cool beans
there you
go okay one more uh yeah yeah sure hit
me hit me with the merch message dear
Duke and Dan and vertically challenged
Superstar what oh sorry sorry one some
people are finding that it's uh Geo
fence to a certain degree so they have
to VPN around to to get it I wonder if
that is a YouTube thing yeah I don't
know could yeah it could be limited I I
don't know anything about that it's a
YouTube shopping promo so um we do not
have any control over what regions
YouTube shopping is able to operate in
and um hey
it's still a great bag at 150 yeah yeah
true our notes say here you may need to
disable your ad blocker or VPN if you
don't see the tagged product so yeah I
think it is Geo
Fen or enable your VPN no I I didn't say
that I didn't say that private
internet oh do we have a private
internet access link oh coincidentally
Dan uh if we have um p a it's a service
that we've talked about a lot that I've
used for many many years now yeah and uh
you know just sometimes you run into
situations where you need to access a
thing as though the thing is from some
other thing I I have no idea if it'll
work on this I I legitimately don't know
check if you're getting scamed on flight
prices like I've I've run into times
when um even using a VPN was was not
good enough like when I tried to buy a
valve index man they got that they got
that locked they had that locked down I
had to get someone from America with an
American credit card from an American
Bank
to buy that thing for me and send it up
to
me God Bless
America um have you ever had the
scenario where you get cheaper
flights Southern lus would actually be
amazing these SC darn
409s I will take a stand um anyways uh
have you have you had the flight prices
thing work
uh I I have okay I've had people tell me
that's a that's debunked it's debunked
but I'm like I I don't know what to tell
you we literally did a video it was
theoretically debunked or not I I I
there was recently I thought it was
working and then we figured out that it
was Canadian versus USD but they didn't
show any differentiation oh interesting
um
yeah anyways um Southern lonus and the
Luke
saaz okay credit to pk7 in float plane
chat that's pretty good 10 out of 10
nicely
done all right um Dan why don't you hit
us with one more I'm trying oh wait have
you not done it yet no well get on with
it man what is the jankiest solution or
fix ever suggested for something that
everyone said no to and looking back how
bad it would have really been oh man
everyone said no to and and we don't say
no that often it was worse than expected
the jankiest
fix most of the terrible janky fix
Solutions uh I've just done them yeah
and they mostly work like I don't know
if we've been I don't know if we've been
burned that
badly like yeah to be honest oh uh um
the the the air fiber link between here
and Creator warehouse went out
sometimes okay but I think what we
determined with the problem was that
they were too close oh no they were too
close to the roofs oh was it that I
thought they were too close to each
other oh I mean and they were designed
for like a higher power or something
like that might have changed but I think
there was some Reflections for them
being like they're supposed to be on a
post we like glued them to the ground
but swimming pool water cooling works
though yeah well it does now after that
fitting like corroded away and it leaked
all over everything but I don't think
that was like the concept yeah it's also
not that janky it's actually pretty good
yeah um and it's like a thing oh the oh
this one was funny so the the roof solar
that's supposed to contribute to heating
the pool that one doesn't work at all oh
because they filled it and I forgot that
they told me they filled it but they
didn't gly call it so last winter
everything blew up and it has to be like
completely replum yikes and I haven't
gotten around to it yeah yeah so that
one that one was bad speaking of which
how's the bike
going your bike is my Final Fantasy 6 I
made progress oh okay I made progress
actually this while I was while I was
off I um I um reset up everything I
added a second intake fan so I have
better positive pressure so I was
getting a little bit of dust on some of
the previous Parts um I remixed my
primer which had settled into water and
mud and took probably about 10 15
minutes so with the like the the drill
powered paint mixer to get to to get
going again um
I um I redid my hangers for the wheels
cuz the ones I was using before made
them kind of hard to maneuver so I made
new ones out of like Chopsticks and then
um aircraft wire and then like another
Chopstick so that it instead of coming
down like this it comes down like this
now so it's a little bit easier to
handle um so no I actually spent a few
hours on it over the last um being off
this week getting prepped I'm getting it
I'm getting it going again I got a space
heater for the booth so that it won't
get too too low I got that set up and
made sure everything's good to go so I'm
I'm actually I'm actually good to get
going again nice I got this
do a stream where lus paints his bike
and Luke plays Final Fantasy 6 first to
finish
wins it's not a horrible idea it's
actually not a terrible
idea that' probably be pretty fun
actually I mean you could guys just hang
out in the shop together and you know
plays it on an ally or something yeah
there there's there's a lot of
multi-content style streaming that's
happening these days and like even just
multi content content like you look at
the shorts with like the whatever racer
thing going on while they talk about
something else Subway Surfers yeah yeah
yeah here's the problem though these are
projects that neither Luke nor I
individually have managed to work on
assuming that we are going to somehow
align the Stars so we can be in the same
place at the same time doing it at the
same time I mean oh yeah well come on
pause come on man get your mind out of
the gutter get your mind out of the
gutter it likes it there it's
comfortable familiar
oh man I didn't actually watch the video
did they cut out my uh did they cut out
or no you never mind never mind if they
cut it out then I'll leave it cut out
okay what are we supposed to be
doing
cool
um the
uh the LT commuter backpack announcement
is that different than what we did for
the merch messages call out I don't
think so okay uh they just have cute
links if you go to lm. Discount please
then um it will take you to the store
and then when you add it to the card
it'll automatically be applied so if
you're having trouble
lm. discount please that brings you to
the YouTube video oh cool right again
see you
later bad guy and it's kind of however
you want to spell it please full word
plz PLS both of those were all three of
those were um
um I had a lot of fun hanging out with
Colin smear yeah was good yeah the video
went up it's funny they
um I I just I I I felt
like I I don't know I felt like they did
a really good job they just kind of man
the dossier they had on me yeah I don't
think that made it into the cut but they
had like they had like a book this thick
on me it included everything from like
like like AI summaries that were full of
mistakes to like a print out of the
Wikipedia which I think might also have
some mistakes on it but they also had um
like past sort of times I've addressed
St for stories that I've told on like w
shows so they had all these like
citations like they had a whole clearly
they have someone who or either they do
it or someone on their team does it
where they go through and they have like
a whole like like background check
process for guests on their show um
which me makes me all the more surprised
that they decided to host me given how
controversial I am it was actually
really interesting reading through uh
both that and uh
assumptions yeah reading through sort of
like the audience questions and then in
the case of Colin and Samir the
questions beforehand compared to the
comments on the video itself like it's I
noticed that too it is a stark
difference it really is the
like terminal terminally online
commenters want to talk about versus
what people who actually watch a video
care
about no relation to each other
whatsoever um anyway was it was a lot of
it was a lot of fun I was very surprised
to see the Final Cut and that it was
like two hours long cuz we only sat down
for a little over 2 hours like I don't I
don't think they ultimately cut that
much out of it I think think uh Colton
had asked to have a look at it but I
never had a look at the at the cut
before they before they uploaded it um I
skipped through parts of it I haven't
it's obviously it's long I much time I
don't think you need to watch it like
you you literally watch you live through
you survive sorry I keep changing the
language here to better reflect the
situation the WAN show every week so I I
don't think you need to yeah and you
were you were there for a lot of the
stories that I was telling so there
really isn't I don't think I just wanted
to see like what the vibe was basically
that that was all I was really doing and
it it seemed pretty good I didn't sleep
well the night before I'll tell you that
much you seemed fairly relaxed though I
was trying to be yeah I mean I don't
know it's like um like I thought I
thought that was pretty good like we we
we wanted a chance to to kind of talk to
an audience other than just our own
audience that's why we that's why we
went down and
you know did it in their studio and why
we went down and did assumptions as well
um I think that you know for for a while
I've been a bit of a shut in like
there's been some exceptions lately
we've done some some fun collabs like
with Mighty kods uh but
like I've never really done like the the
interview circuit or anything like that
like it was very you know generous of
lewig to invite me to the yard but I
I've never really gone out and been like
hey do you need a guest for show before
that I can remember um and it was fun
actually yeah yeah it was fun it was
cool to see how many people in our
audience caught that the collab was
coming when we shot our Ark battle mage
video in their
Studio oh yeah because like Their
audience obviously knew because they
posted ahead of time hey do you have any
questions for lus which by the way as
far as I can tell they completely
ignored CU they had their own questions
ready and I read through the questions
that people asked on Twitter and stuff I
was like I don't remember seeing any of
this there yeah but uh but yeah I I was
CU I've watched some of their content
before just sort of like I don't know I
think it's they actually do some really
interesting stuff yeah they're they're
like the creators YouTube metagame about
creators for creators Channel yeah it's
it's I've watched quite a bit of their
stuff um and something that I've I've
noticed is that people tend to
be pretty relaxed and pretty open
and I was like okay is lonus going to go
like presenter style like will you have
come off just filming something an hour
before because that's normal and be like
in like presenter mode and then no like
you were you were kind of chilling
having an open conversation so I think
it was I think it was good that Colton
and I went together because we talked
for like 4 hours on the flight down
there so maybe I was just in like chill
chatting about the business mode because
realistically both of us are the kind of
people that just never turn off yeah so
we we literally talked for like 4 hours
on the flight down there didn't shut up
the whole time I'm sorry to anyone who
was on that flight from YVR to LAX my my
apologies yeah um someone's saying I
should go on Joe Rogan I've had that
suggested before a I've never been
invited B I don't know what we'd talk
about I I literally have no idea because
I I find I am very knowledgeable about a
nich that as far as I can tell almost no
one cares about which is like Tech
YouTube because a lot of what I know is
not even necessarily applicable to non
like non- Tech or non at
least um tangentially related like like
science or you know education YouTube or
like like you could like you could kind
of find ones that are like kind of
similar where you're trying to present
information and also make it
entertaining or whatever else
yeah
um next
topic yeah Scrappy DP says he doesn't
know who you are 100% he has absolutely
no idea who I am I I don't think I've
ever seen him operate a computer so um I
think his uh I I think his producer at
some point or something talked about the
screwdriver though red ban is not his
producer but has worked with him in in
the past and definitely knows who we are
for
sure um he he's like
the what what is
the kill Tony oh okay okay okay that's
the one I'm thinking about yep but I I
think he used to work with Joe Rogan in
the in the way past or something got it
got it got it got it got it okay yeah
red red BS W like he's had like I think
he's talked with scw Bo he's worn a an
LTX sweater on one of the kilton in the
past um cool yeah so he's definitely
been around also I think I I don't
remember I guess this would be before
you were doing YouTube
stuff but I thought Joe Rogan was really
into like
Quake I've heard that and doing land
stuff back in the day I don't know that
would have had to be like a thousand
years time
ago all
right Melody bun there is no risk of me
going on Rogan they're begging me not to
go on like I have not been invited he
literally doesn't know who I am it's
fine just chill L do you think a like a
gorilla could play badmington do sorry
what you know like a gorilla like
they're pretty strong and like fast what
do you think are you are you saying I
should play Joe Rogan in badminton no no
no no like I like a gorilla do you think
I could play B he's trying to be Joe
Rogan I'm prepping you for your
interview I've never watched the Rogan
Experience okay I i' I've seen the
occasional clip here and there like are
those the kind of questions he asks I
don't know I don't I've seen Clips like
that that all his interviews turn into
him talking about like what if this was
a giant scary animal and could you like
take it
on so it doesn't matter that you're a
tech YouTuber because you won't be
talking about that I see it's like that
uh I I think the whole thing is like
yeah like could you fight a bear slash
have you done DMT before that's the meme
I think what's DMT I was going to I was
going to mention that but didn't drug oh
okay what is it though I don't know
dimethyl
tryptamine as a strong
psychedelic well yeah I mean obviously
um but like what's its well what's its
colloquial name DMT when versus Joe
Rogan in a cage that would end poorly
yeah he might be old but he's still a
lot bigger than me he's going to do one
of those spinny kicks and send us into
orbit um
uh Dimitri and
Fantasia schedule one controlled
substance in the United States blah blah
blah blah blah oh okay okay so it's by
other names just called DMT yeah
um okay well I mean now I know about
that so if I ever get into when I yeah
when I start my hookers and blow art
then I'll I'll have another DMT and
bears I would work in Vancouver I'll
tell you
that please tell me the bear thing was
intentional
yeah I'm sorry I'm going to shut up now
oh
man I mean I feel like I'm overdue for a
real Scandal you know like I feel like I
feel like to put in to put things in
context I need to like like run over
some orphans or something you know
because then me not me not talking about
you know a sponsor that we haven't
worked with in 3
years will be just it it people will be
able to put it in the correct context
you know yeah like come on tell me tell
me what what what Scandal Do you guys
want you want like a good one not yeah
don't you know
don't run over orphans give me something
you know speeding come
on I mean that that was another that was
another funny one to me just cuz like
the fact that every other car YouTuber
does blur their Speedo does that make
what they're doing like any the fact
that they successfully blur their Speedo
does that make it like
better like I'm not saying that it's a
good thing to do that you should just
rip around on public Road wasn't he in a
school zone he was there was a there was
a children at Play sign of some sort but
I don't think there's any concrete
evidence that it was in effect it may
have been time delimited got it okay
um like dude there was that there was
that scrapyard Wars when I was literally
texting while driving in scrapyard Wars
and I'm not saying that's good and you
shouldn't do that um it was a different
time for real and that's not a good
excuse like distracted driving is
terrible I'm just saying that like it
was it was it was interesting to watch
how eager people were to like nail
Marquez to the cross for that one and
I'm not saying what he did was right and
the timing sucked coming right on the
heels of the um I think that's most of
it to be honest yeah I don't know I feel
like a lot of what's G on with us has
been blood in the water a has been a
significant amount of residual anger
that goes all the way back to ad block
his piracy yeah probably I think that
was our first thing where people felt
like personally attacked even though I
never said don't do it and there's a
there's a certain degree that you get to
I've had this conversation with a few
people there's a certain degree that you
get to when uh it
is
encouraged and uh cheered on by the
community to attack a person or group of
people um so it it it ends up being like
the safe
route like I think I think I can think
of one particular point in time where it
was the safe route to throw at us with
everything you could oh yeah 100% so
like it was anything else would have
gotten you like destroyed even if you
said nothing even if you said nothing
you would have looked like you're evil
or something so then like and that that
residuals for a long time I think it I
don't think it goes away potentially
ever yeah I'm not I'm not convinced it
goes way okay so hold on a second hold
on a second we' got we've got
suggestions though we've got suggestions
for a proper Scandal
um okay interesting lonus is actually 6'
five lied the whole time that's good
nice that's good draus asks how were the
Diddy
parties dude if you think I am anywhere
near cool enough to be invited to a
music industry
party please
again Joe Rogan doesn't know who he
is remember when we talked recently um
I'm not trying to say he's Associated to
Diddy just before people freak out it's
already starting oh no that was not my
point at all um remember when we were
talking recently about like celebrities
that I've met and I couldn't I couldn't
think of any yeah yeah yeah like even
Seth Curry the the like the Lesser Curry
still great still great NBA player I I
don't watch I don't watch basketball but
still my understanding I looked at his
stats I creeped the stats and they were
good um still great but like I haven't
met anybody I I don't know anybody I
don't wait the Lesser Curry who's the
greater Curry um Steph oh yeah they had
two kids they named them Steph and Seth
wow yeah good thinking I don't watch I
don't watch I thought they were the same
person no not even okay yeah not even
all right
um oh yeah I met Dead Mouse I mean
Joel's kind of Niche famous too though I
think so like he's like if you're into
EDM now I think so and you don't know
who dead mouse is you're like like a
cultural [__] basically but if you're
not into EDM and you don't know who dead
mouse is like yeah like he had like one
song on the radio like let's be
real and I think in our age bracket and
pretty much everybody knew I think
pretty much body knew but outside of
that please yeah that's probably true
yeah come on yeah um and Joel's super
cool nothing nothing against him or
anything but when when you talk like
like famous famous I mean I did meet
Paris
Hilton okay I was in the same room and I
you meet her were you in the same room I
complained about her did you meet her or
were you complaining about her in the
same room uh she uploaded that Christmas
video of her
naked so I would say that I I would say
that I've actually seen more of her than
most people in my
life that is not that is a h wow that is
a very positively parasocial thing for
everyone that enjoys only fans I think
all the only fans enjoyers are like yeah
I know them I've seen a lot of them yeah
she's disrupting the
market if if if Joe Rogan did know who
you were and invited you would you go on
uh I think I would probably
leave it to the management team it's
like I think it' be fine i' probably
well then you feel free to cast your
vote but I don't think I'd weigh in on
that I think that's I think that's
something I'd let the team decide
because that way I get plausible
deniability I can just be like yeah the
executive team sent me here I just work
here because I really I honestly don't
fairly true I don't really have an
opinion I've I've seen Clips like I said
I've I've come across the odd clip I've
never actually like sat through an
entire podcast but i' I've seen Clips
here and there that make it look like a
very very stupid thing um but I've also
seen clips that seem to have intelligent
people and some semblance of like a a
coherent U intellectual conversation so
I don't really know what to make of it
yeah um I don't know I just think things
like that
like yeah if you keep your head about
you like whatever I don't know it's just
talking man we discover lonus pays
people to play games for for him um that
could be that could be something n
there's you you guys got nothing you
guys got nothing badminton Center's a
drug front oh that's not bad that's
pretty good yeah there's there's there's
shipping Bays on the back shuttlecock
more like mule
penises like mules like for drugs yeah I
don't know okay all right yeah and
they're big so lots of drugs big mule
penis drug
I don't know like aphrodesiac I don't
know the lingo okay I think it's
Panda
um oh man what else we got here shuttle
Cox you could have a [__] fighting ring
oh man even in float plane it's amazing
how many people like actually believe
some of the stuff that is just like not
true at all uh someone said someone
committed suicide because of you that's
not true at all is that is absolutely
false I have personally verified that
that is absolutely false and it's just
it it's it's so bizarre the way that
someone can say something about you
online and it becomes and it becomes
canon in some people's heads and you can
never reach 100% of them you can never
reach 100% of them again Luke is
actually allergic to chicken and rice oh
that would throw off my whole worldview
what does it
mean maybe his allergy is that it
engorges certain parts of his body oh no
which would actually work out
great given what he cooks his famous
chicken
for for his 100% success chicken rate
that that could be that could be quite
convenient actually winner winner
chicken dinner indeed
I love that your mom watches the show
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah very
good okay talking of uh Luke's uh
private parts do you want to do sponsors
yeah sure Luke's privates are brought to
you by our sponsor jump cloud is your it
team stuck in the office while you're
decking the halls and they're busy
patching the walls our sponsor jumpcloud
is here to spark some joy for your IT
staff jump cloud is an open directory
platform that centralizes your entire
text tag from user identities to device
management access they can work remotely
from anywhere whether it's with your PC
iPhone Android phone or even a Linux
computer having a hard time jumping
through it challenges they've also got
the jump Cloud Community where it admins
can learn more about jump Cloud ask
questions swap ideas and get help from
others in the industry it's a space for
all it Pros to connect and share their
knowledge need a handy template or
script want to brush up on integrating
your hris you'll find it all there there
join the jump Cloud Community to connect
with other it professionals using our
Link in the video description the show
is also brought to you by MSI is your PC
struggling and did you cry like a sad
little
boy don't worry our sponsor MSI is here
like a loving powerful mother ready to
fix
everything check out their mag z890
Tomahawk Wi-Fi it's designed for Intel
Core Ultra CPUs with an LGA 1851 socket
and is all about serious performance
it's ready for ddr5 memory powered by a
duet rail power system and stays cool
Under Pressure thanks to its frozer
guard cooling setup it's also got
extended heat sinks and their easy m.2
Shield frozer
2 oh my goodness look at all this you
get Wi-Fi 7 5G land Thunderbolt 4 and
pci5 to keep everything running fast and
smooth no matter what you throw at it
plus their easy DIY features make
installation quick and hasslefree okay
that is super cool I just used that for
the first time finally
IC it's like actually awesome it's like
legitimately awesome I've never seen
that before uh yeah it's like a little
like nipple it's like nipple SSD
installation technique anyway uh check
out the MSI mag z890 Tomahawk Wi-Fi
motherboard by clicking the link in the
video
description finally the show is brought
to you by boot. deev coding can sound
boring but learning to code it's like
trying to read the manual for the manual
but our sponsor boot dodev cracked the
code boot dodev is a fully online
self-paced gamified way to get into the
world of coding you'll get your hands on
the keyboard and write a ton of Code by
completing quests and eventually you can
challenge the boss you can learn
back-end web development from start to
finish using Python and go programming
languages and it's not just here for fun
in games boot dodev even teaches you how
to land a programming job when you're
ready according to stack Overflow the
median salary for backend developers in
the US in 2023 was over
$100,000 the best part boot. offers a
30-day no questions asked fund policy
and a free demo of every course so check
out boot. deit the link in the
description and get 25% off your first
payment using our code when that's 25%
off your first month or your first year
depending on which subscription you
choose all right what are we supposed to
be doing
Dan some more
topics
sure I like this one 2024 was a year yes
it was what were your favorite moments
we asked the
writers what were your favorite videos
that you worked on this year oh this is
fun uh okay um Luke do you mind clicking
them so that I can like switch over to
your laptop or something like that yep
first up is David with his console tier
list perhaps the most high effort tier
list video ever made says David the
Cleopatra of the tier list format can
you tell the guy writes for for a living
uh David says I loved making this video
because it fell outside of our comfort
zone I especially liked the challenge of
coming up with visuals for the longer
storytelling bits like the paper puppet
show during the Sony intro or the crta
roll during the Sega bit only video game
Dunkey has a more popular console tier
list I am very proud of how this one
turned out yeah this one has been a slow
burn out of the gate it actually did not
perform very well for us but over time
it has it oh it's it's cranking very
clickable yep it's doing great and you
you can see that like to view ratio very
solid very solid I they the team outdid
themselves on this one it was an
extremely high effort video and it's
long like putting together a high effort
edit like this for a 10-minute video
that's that's a lot of work putting it
together for a 30-minute video and it
never it it never slows down like the
the the the the quality of this video is
just outstanding they did a really good
job I think it's pretty interesting that
the highest replay spike is not the
final tier list I think it's cuz
everyone just like final tier list is a
high Spike but not the highest I think
everyone just kind of knows like it's
PlayStation yeah and there was some
really like interesting stuff like this
this bit um even though a lot of people
know the the history there
um David did a great job of providing a
really excellent and fast summary of it
yeah for sure all right next up we've
got Adam I built the world's biggest
gaming TV I can't believe lonus took
this down to build a stupid Badminton
Center we were there till like 1:00 a.m.
and it was worth every minute uh you got
that one up yet
y this was legitimately an unforgettable
experience
Unforgettable um Dan was there Dan
wasn't even
working no one told me I would have been
there yeah I know I'm sorry yeah they
called me like 4 hours late I think I
arrived at like 11:00 p.m. scam
absolutely worth it it's hard to even
get a sense of the scale of it like it's
it's enormous Bonkers um so cool though
and like watch even just watching Dan
play Flight Sim on it you played flight
Sim yeah I mean I said at the time I it
felt more immersive to me than
VR just because of like oh unlimited fov
yeah look there I am oh yeah you were
driving the car the car was bigger than
a real car wild like you can see the
couch
yeah
wow like
dude so cool that's nuts those walls are
w
part 35t tall I think 32 32 yeah yeah
and like the fact that we locked out and
it was actually slightly over 2,000 in
dance so we got to meme on Frank's 2000
inch
TV yeah like oh oh I loved it man this
is this is amazing
because I didn't even remember either of
those like our writing team editors work
on a lot of videos yeah I I work on okay
how many Raiders we got 1 2 3 4 five six
I'm going to also count myself seven
because I do write videos from time to
time so I literally work on six to seven
times as many videos as them so there
are things that I just and all the
streams blank on um I I didn't remember
that either of those were this year we
we do those were this year yeah it feels
like they were longer ago we do cool
stuff oh yeah like actually cool stuffff
crying out loud um plof says his
favorite no way no way is working on it
this one got
it oh wrong one I have two weeks to file
a dispute for this scam TV okay it is
the hardest that I think I have ever
seen plof laugh in the years that we
have been working together so you got to
skip forward it's probably going to be a
view Spike forward forward Way Forward
look for the big one at the end this is
probably it that's got to be
it so there's a point here where he
realizes wait for it that's inside the
glass by the way yeah oh he
realizes that the only person he
knows who's stupid enough to get ripped
off by this thing is sitting right next
to
him look at have you ever
SE have you ever seen a man so
happy oh man oh dude no acting could
ever be that pure and that
genuine the the mirth the Mir that this
man felt um so he says uh he says just
like Jake tyy I enjoy wasting Linus's
money also apparently once the refund
was finally going to happen and support
ghosted us did we not get a
refund oh
boy you know we've had to dial back the
like references to like wasting my money
and stuff in videos because people get
so hung up on it they're like oh line is
flexing his money again or like it's not
even his money it's the company's money
it's this like like people get so mad
about it what they don't understand is I
don't write I don't write that into the
videos the team writes that into the
videos
they think it's funny I'm like I what
what do you want and so I have to sit
there and tell them yeah this thing that
you enjoy and you think is like
genuinely funny to meme on because
people will get upset on behalf of the
team they'll be like yeah line is
flexing his money in front of his team
that can't afford this Chinese TV or
whatever but they're the ones who love
it that's pretty man
um all right what else we got oh yeah oh
yeah Alex obviously was going to pick
this one the Mighty Car Mods collab
coincidentally pl's least favorite video
plof says not my least favorite but I do
wish yall had like one extra day thanks
Customs for delaying the engine cuz it
took a while for them to actually get it
driving ready for him oh okay yeah it
was sitting in 105 for like the next
couple weeks oh wow this is such a great
moment for the that was pretty cool it's
so awesome having them all in the engine
bay there love it um I have a response
from plof here about the TV oh oh what'
he say let's see let's see wow plof with
the game sense to message the producer
rather than messaging me I think that's
a first fwan show no I messaged plof oh
all right then that's my
w nice or we can both take the L's I
don't know we'll share I like sharing
L's two L's yeah I make a
W uh let's see AliExpress is offering a
partial refund but not telling me the
amount I said I either want to return it
or get a full
refund uh they closed the
case oh uh okay case closed then I guess
yeah let's see Visa uh Visa they reached
out to
Visa
uh basically both TVs are lumped in the
same purchase and
AliExpress uh they've appealed five
times so they've appealed the charge
back you have uh you've purchased two
TVs no way I should be able to get my
money back what's the point of charge
back if I can order the wrong thing and
they just get to be like yeah it's a
Chinese
inch what's a Chinese inch wait did they
say that yeah what they said yeah our
inches are different from your inches oh
no I think the Visa is a separate thing
oh okay okay okay all right well we'll
figure it out we'll figure it out if it
says if it makes you feel better the
video did get three to five million
views
what what's three to five million plof
does have access to this dashboard did
he say that or are you are you saying
that that's what that's what oh my God
this is real what's
up okay so yes that's true but the TV
then should be bigger not smaller oh
right yeah so we we measured it every
possible way and also there's multiple
Chinese
inches um and Andy talked us through it
so so yeah so we we we measured it if it
was cim it's not right if it was Chinese
inches it's not right and if it was
regular inches it's not right it's just
completely invented like it's it's
nothing to do with anything on any
measuring
tape anyway
okay all right let's keep going Elijah
really
huh uh
add yeah if only there was some way to
because you know that we're going to do
the next thing ceue up the okay it
doesn't matter uh the point is his
favorite was why did you make me build
this the CEO PC build this was his
second time water cooling he was
apparently super nervous P.S when are we
selling the poster the video hit 100,000
likes
uh okay so there's a poster at the end
if you go to taran's
office yeah just anywhere in his office
so that poster
um I think I think we are going forward
with it I don't think it's going to be
that
big but yeah uh you guys did you did
reach 100,000 likes so there's no real
avoiding that at this point
Pope he was able to get rid of the chair
which is great he still has to use I
think he still has the keyboard he still
has the computer and the computer which
is loud and annoying that's not my
problem that sounds like that sounds
like a like a CEO issue if it reduces
the performance poster soon probably in
January really this is from nickl yeah I
forgot like it's during the work day
today there will be an option to buy the
big one yeah that's why I reached out no
way the oh my
gosh okay um I responded to this I
didn't realize that it was a segment for
Wan show I said I love all my videos
equally that's like asking me to pick my
favorite child he actually put a
screenshot of that from teams in
there uh but I really enjoyed the 3D
home theater video even if no one else
cared about it it was pretty cool to to
put together like a true Cinema grade
passive 3D setup the number of people
that provided advice to me on how I
could have done it better or Cheaper by
using active shutter glasses or whatever
it's like bro
I followed 3D pretty closely I am aware
ofing shutter
glasses I did it this way because I
wanted passive 3D with glass Optics I
have never seen anything as good as the
3D setup that was in my house it was
awesome the only thing that I would like
to do differently is I would like to get
my hands on a higher quality deal DLP
projector I also I also learned about
another type of filter that could help
me make non DLP projectors like like
make the light polarizable or something
it a whole I forget what it's called
anyway I I linked Elijah to some
articles in case we were going to do a
follow-up but the video didn't get any
views so we probably won't but um I'd
like to get my hands on some better DLP
projectors with lens shift so that I
could perfectly align the images and
then oh man oh so cool I I I I would
totally have that set up maybe as part
of like whand or something I also really
enjoyed doing the equinix tour I always
love getting access to places other
people don't get to go um it's one of my
favorite parks of this job like it oh so
cool and then the last one that came off
the top of my head was the motherboard
repair video that was probably the most
pure joy and like exhilaration that I
have felt filming a video in at least a
couple years just like stacking up those
w although we have one coming oh no this
one came out already the one where the
uh the wife threw the guy's PC out out
the window the three-story balcony when
he asked for a divorce uh we got have
you watched it I've gone through parts
of it oh okay um we got all but one
component working yes I did know that
all but one wait no I think I did watch
the whole thing yeah that was super
awesome I was very surprised I've also
got another response here from Nick
light I'm on vacation
Ulus I'm not
working I'm on vacation Ulus there's a
blank in there no he said Ulus I'm not
working Ulus what's Ulus
Ulus Ulus
oh he said you lus nice God I hope my
button
Works doesn't for
us um Jordan said I'm on vacation Adam
please stop messaging me
nice and then Belle's favorite was you
might feel a little pressure the lwig
swipe plus bedet short circuit that was
actually a lot of fun what oh sorry
sorry I just assumed you wouldn't bother
clicking it
wow that was the only one that's had an
ad like this one didn't have an ad on it
that was awesome how many views did this
get we should hire this guy 850,000
views on a bedet yeah absolutely natural
talent I mean I told him this when he
came up here I was like like if there's
anything oh I think I I think I actually
said this on the yard but the guy is an
S tier Personality yeah like just you
could probably put him in front of
anything with anyone doing anything they
do pretty well and he would
just he'd
like figure out the
vibe settle in and just perform like the
guy is uh yeah just absolutely s here
get what he does
uh okay oh Sammy Sammy picked a favorite
one I haven't watched this video you
haven't watched your
own setup doctor that's
weird weird way I feel like I would
watch mine yeah he says he has a hard
time watching himself oh I'm I'm the
same I haven't watched mine
what oh
what okay I was working up the courage
too but well anyway uh all right yeah he
said that was his joke answer and then
his real answer was this is how we make
an LTT video 2024 this was outstanding
and I didn't even know about it until I
watched
it the team did such an outstanding job
of this video going through the entire
process in like a this is super cool I
don't know I don't know how to describe
why it's so much better than the way
that we've done it in the past but I
think this might be the best like
dislike ratio on float plan you just
ruined it now no they won't float
plane's not like that I'm going to do it
what Dan no float planes not like that
they don't respect that cool yeah so
yeah he said it was a video idea he
wanted to do for over a year and uh
don't Samy outstanding
exclus are you kidding me right now
hold on I can block mods you can yeah
you ban do it ban him ban him from float
plane um okay Sammy Adam added some
other stuff some stats uh 844 million
views on the channel this year um 172
million hours of watch time uh 234 LTT
videos 59 live streams 34 shorts 12 6
float plane exclusives including behind
the scenes and exclusive live streams
and themed weeks um themed weeks are
sick 640,000 new subscribers oh we have
some most viewed videos can you guess
the top three okay well I know one of
them I have a theory for one of them
which I'm very surprised wasn't
mentioned at all oh really up above um I
know the top one is the O hold on I have
a theory of what one it is should I
write it down um yeah you can write it
down but I know it's I know it's one of
two it's oh shoot oh it's one of three
oh shoot I think the top viewed video on
the channel for this year is actually um
the Samsung folding displays short from
CES that isn't what I thought and that
isn't what I wrote down interesting uh
oh we didn't count that apparently so I
think we I think we might have gotten it
wrong I guess they're only counting vaud
but yeah no the top performing other
than that uh would have been the
underwater scooter but that's another
short
or the Taiwan PC okay I wrote down
Taiwan yeah yeah that that one far and
way outperformed everything else this
year yeah I'm going to sort by views
here I think oh I don't know over 10
million is that enough zeros I don't
even know uh yeah yeah so this short
from January of 2024 got almost 13
million views yeah um this one got a lot
but it's from the previous year and then
the the underwater scooter one I think
did like 8 or 9 million or something
like that so hold on let's have a look
at let's have a look at what Adam's got
so can you guess the top three yeah I
knew that one off the top of my head as
for the next
one man I don't know we actually played
this game recently and I had no idea
when we did the 16th anniversary stream
I had no idea what like top performing
videos were from the channel I don't
spend nearly as much time in the
dashboard now that it sucks so
much um yeah so the yeah the other three
I knew Taiwan PC was going to smash
other than that uh
um crap I feel like the the iPhone video
is going to be up there somewhere no no
it's like good I think it's got like 3
million 2.9 Million or something like
that the next segment is commented I bet
you it's up there for that
one most views
though cuz the giant TV was last year
right was it I think the giant TV was
last
year oh you don't mean like the the
projector setup at the Bon Center yeah
okay cuz that one I just saw that that
one had almost like 4 million views I
think okay I give up I don't know oh
wait what oh that's such a hack what the
second one totally is the TV H wasn't
published this year so I put oh it's the
ones that got the most views this year
okay I'm giving myself some credit for
that one because I only excluded it
because I thought it was ones that were
published this year yeah fair enough
okay I don't know what the third one is
one
is no way
this this one like bombed out of the
gate 5.3 million 5.3 yeah this one did
not do well hold on I'm not uh I'm not
logged into the right account here but
let's go let's go find
it I I'll show you guys like this
one it was supposed to be like a like a
sequel to a top performer because this
is uh EVGA
wow yeah so like dude this
started come on this started like at the
low end of typical yep and then
just reached escape velocity and then
just has not slow down 15,000 views
today like just casually racking them up
yeah that 30,000 views last 48 hours for
a video that old is crazy it doesn't
happen that much anymore it used to be
how our entire Channel growth was
architected what we talked about yeah
was just you make Evergreen content and
it just like gets views forever but only
a few of them only a few of them break
out like that yeah crazy all right what
was our bonus
forth they left this in my driveway the
Clen scorpion gaming chair yeah yeah
there you go that's such a great thumb I
forgot that was this year and the fact
that that that that title is not
clickbait like that's actually what
happened we ordered the thing and they
just dumped it like in the driveway 11
months we didn't even sign for it like
they just left it there I'm like
really that seems a little silly
absolutely
wild um okay most commented video with
13,000 comments that's got to be the
iPhone video there's no way oh no it was
the uh the $5,000 PC in the tai1 E Tech
mall and then the next one was April
fools that that checks out oh man are
none of them in the iPhone video is the
last one the last one was the iPhone
video okay
10,800 comments on I really tried Apple
iPhone 30-day challenge I'm still using
it by the way but only because I'm lazy
um and migrating WhatsApp off of iPhone
I've heard is even worse than migrating
WhatsApp onto the iPhone so I'm really
not looking forward to that cuz I I used
to lose my chat history all the time and
that's one of the reasons that I stuck
with the note 9 for so long honestly I
don't know why people keep using
WhatsApp to be honest I mean
I've never understood how it survived
it's fine but like the so is everything
else everything's
fine it's where my chat history is I
think losing it no no I haven't lost it
in like six years oh okay yeah I used to
lose my chat history all the time like I
didn't even I didn't even realize with
uh cuz like text message migration would
be really sloppy unless you like went
and did it at the store or with like the
proper app or whatever so lose I'm not
saying a lot of people don't still use
it of people still use it I just don't
understand why and then like losing my
WeChat history was super inconvenient at
one point I don't know if you recall
that yes um but I had a lot of people
accuse me of impropriety because I
didn't have WeChat receipts for
something I'm like I didn't even realize
it didn't cloud backup I don't know like
China not have the cloud like okay I
thought they keep everything I'm sure
somebody has it yeah can you give it
back to me please at least a copy um and
then yeah app uh the migration just like
kind of like kind of sucks like you can
at least use it across multiple devices
now which is a big upgrade yeah this is
what I mean yeah I know I know I get it
I don't I don't understand I get it um
it's just it's been it's been pretty
sticky because almost everyone I know
uses either that or Facebook Messenger
um and Facebook Messenger is um is like
the predominant one for like organizing
group events MH and then WhatsApp is the
big one for like group chats yeah um
what uh when is your heart out is it 17
minutes from now no hour yeah oh six
five okay sweet as for our best like
ratios the powercolor factory tour at
99.08% Sur honestly not surprise that
was a cool video that was a wicked video
that was an awesome video it's tied
though tied with hello old friend media
ripping explained that was a thick video
yeah like it was dense yeah um very like
information heavy uh how did that end up
performing that's what I'm checking
yeah hello old friend here we are bring
up the dashboard yeah see this is this
is more typical these days where even
something that performs really well flat
lines flates high but still yeah but
because it got there start high yeah in
August it had 1.54 million like for
contrast what's it yeah last 48 2 230
Yeah so basically dead so this kind of
like how to rip Media or whatever in the
only reason this shot up like this is cu
it had a really good title in thumbnail
and then that's it it's like they're
they're not going to keep they're not
going to keep serving
this bummer YouTube's uh YouTube's just
different now and you have to adapt to
the meta or you die knowing that a lot
of Evergreen just dies and knowing that
the audience is actually surprisingly
cyclical um
would you consider remaking old videos
because I know that was a thing that you
were Hardline on no in the past yeah
absolutely yeah at this point Y it seems
like it makes sense now especially cuz
like there's there's new information
that you know hadn't come out or we
didn't know or has changed yeah or you
can just do a better job potentially
like a lot of them especially from like
the really early days how to water cool
a PC the last guide you'll ever need in
4k yeah sure you know or whatever like
we could I I think could even go back to
some of the old like uh ncx Tech tips
the green um like there are there are
videos that I
literally um haven't made because I'm
like ah no we we did that on NCI here
hold on ni Here We Go ultimate water
cooling guide yes 13 years ago buddy
we've been doing this for a while I know
right this was pretty early Luke shot
yeah uh um Luke tried to figure out
water cooling but turns out he lied on
his resume so he didn't do
anything that was one of the fun moments
when he left me to water cool two gpus
and just left the room but I've never
water cooled anything before I've done
no water cooling before and I had to
take the the the heers of two gpus that
was uh terrifying yeah well he didn't do
it I ended up having to do it no I came
back and I I think you weren't done yet
I think I had to at least help yeah
that's I was like how you've been doing
you've been here for so long what's
taking so long that wasn't entirely true
we've talked about this a few times cuz
you didn't actually give me very much
time there were other parts you didn't
have enough time for you definitely had
enough time when I wanted those heat
sinks stripped off okay that's probably
fair this um the last one uh at
99.06% was the sensible Tech upgrade
that was Sebastian's oh dude his place
is so Stylin that was a really good
video yeah honestly the tech upgrades in
general are just like pretty awesome I I
I love the tech upgrade series 2.1
million wow that's not even that old
yeah they're just they're just reliable
they're just reliable our team is so
cool that all you have to really do is
like hang out with one for a bit and
then like people love them and his place
is so interesting all these little
projects are so interesting yeah not
even little all these like incredibly
professional projects
y that's a lot of and the team puts so
much work into stuff these days like
those little extras like the amount of
work that went into just having an
entire like couple of Master cartons of
screwdrivers on the island there it's
like it's extra I think is the the term
for it
yeah uh discussion question how did you
feel about 2024 what did you achieve any
surprises disappointments um it was a
tough year 2024 was a really tough year
uh we were coming off of um we were
coming off of um some allegations that
you know after after the investigation
was completed did we we released our
statement that said the um the the
investigation found that the allegations
were unfounded and
unfair um so you know going through all
of that um when the allegations were
according again to the investigation
unfounded and unfair uh was extremely
challenging uh for me personally and for
us as a company
um you know I think that wait on a lot
of people
yeah for sure for sure and and there was
a lot of stuff
that
um uh there's a lot of stuff that people
didn't see behind the scenes that made
it that made it really hard
um what we achieved I think is we we got
our groove back we we're we're back to
we're back to kind of killing it it's
always it's always cyclical like I think
uh we talked in that recent All Hands
about how we're like back to you know
before viewership and it's a little down
this month but you know it do be like
that though I mean I think there's going
to be a lot of people upgrading when 50
series comes out I think there's going
to be a lot of Buzz around that so
there'll be some some upswing there and
and then it'll be down again it'll be up
and you whatever
right
um yeah dyslexic Stoner says um I'll
admit I stopped watching for a while I
couldn't stand having another person I
like turned out to be a monster I was
glad it wasn't true um yeah no there was
a there was a big quite a bit of that
there was a
big
um yeah there was a big group of people
that just stopped watching and there's a
significant group that you know if their
comments are to be believed have never
come back and that's sad um that's
really sad and it's still sad for me I
think it's true yeah because there's
also like that stuff went so far and
wide well you'll never be able to reach
all of those people again
um yeah yeah really
tough
um as for as for what's uh welcome to
the next quarter of a century oh my
goodness yeah did you know Star Wars
1977 was released closer to the year
2000 than any video we made this
year I'm just going to close that talk
topic why don't we move
on yes yes let's do that there's a fake
Nintendo lawyer sending out dmca
takedowns a few months ago YouTuber
Dominic dendo num received dmca
takedowns on his Legend of Zelda Echoes
of wisdom Let's Play videos however
after some back and forth with the
tetsumi masaki protonmail.com
account
um dendo reached out to Nintendo with
itself who responded that the emailer
was not using a legitimate Nintendo
email address oh yeah a few weeks later
the YouTuber received a followup from
that same email with a short message I
hereby retract all of my proceeding
claims although the threatening email
would start to come from a spoofed
anti-- piracy 3 nintendo.co JP email
rumors of fake takedowns from Big Red
last circled when Gary's Mod removed all
Nintendo related fan content after
receiving dmas originating from
suspicious looking emails the developer
claims to have verified The Source
though Nintendo and partners have also
been accused of using AI tools to issue
Mass takedowns um that was just a quick
a quick topic um I want to talk about
this one this is called my experience as
a winner turned into disqualification by
Nvidia and this was actually flagged for
me um before the show like just a just a
little while before the show this was
posted six hours ago on the Forum but um
this poster in our community said they
were officially declared a winner and
their project was publicly listed on
Nvidia platforms they were supposed to
win oh winner yeah winner I think it was
uh yeah here we go and Nvidia RTX 6000
add a generation graphics card so like a
really valuable GPU and then after
declaring them a winner and sending them
through a bunch of a Hoops they
apparently were
disqualified um for reasons that Nvidia
has not apparently been able to properly
explain so they've just asked us to
highlight this because I hope I I like
to assume you know incompetence where um
where malice has not yet been proven uh
where hopefully by getting some
visibility on this we can at least get
them a uh a satisfactory answer so what
they're asking for is if anyone from
Nvidia reads this I respectfully ask for
my project to be reviewed by a team of
qualified technical experts my only goal
is to ensure fairness and transparency
thank you for taking the time to read
this I appreciate any help that you can
provide so they provided a link to their
project um to their GitHub uh repo so um
that's on there just wanted to make sure
that we uh we kind of highlighted that
we like to make sure that we're taking
care of our community members and this
seemed like seems like there's got to be
something going on here they should at
least get an
explanation oh no
ah do you want to do the AI
stuff uh oh no I didn't even know this
uh by a vote of four to three the
Arizona State Board for Charter Schools
approved an application to open a fully
online
school which will serve grades 4 to8 um
that doesn't automatically sound all
that bad uh Unbound Academy hopes to use
AI to condense academic instruction into
a two our window which now sounds really
bad uh to free up time for life skill
workshops covering financial literacy
public speaking goal setting
entrepreneurship critical thinking and
creative problem solving which sounds
great except in theory uh quote as
students work through lessons on
subjects like math reading and science
the AI system will analyze their
responses time spent on tasks and even
emotional cues to optimize the
difficulty and presentation of
content that sounds ambitious wow good
luck with that wow that sounds like
um that sounds like a like a Stanley
Parable style like video game level of
of issue when it would be applied to the
workplace and this feels like to me some
amount of desensitization before it gets
applied to the workplace but we'll see
uh Unbound Academy has been triing this
2-hour learning method in Texas
seemingly in person and has applications
to open other schools in Arkansas and
Utah experts have questioned the
effectiveness of personalized education
programs and have called it orwellian an
orwellian misnomer for replacing
teachers with digital services and data
mining software y uh much of the
criticism stems from the lack of clarity
behind the term yep personalized
learning is perhaps like personalized
ads I.E data collection a form of double
speak says Adam and I strongly agree um
discussion question do you think kids
need that real connection with teachers
in order to do well I'm going to stop
you right there yeah not necessarily oh
I do but what they definitely need is a
real connection with other students oh
yeah 100% And in theory good point this
is freeing up time for life skill
workshops covering financial literacy
public speaking goal setting
entrepreneurship critical thinking and
creative problem solving in
practice homeschooling is an extremely
poorly regulated area
um I strongly recommend watching the
John Oliver segment on
it um oh cool yeah and I'm not saying
that you have to agree with John Oliver
on everything but what I will say is
that as far as
um as far as background research goes
um they do a pretty darn good job and
this just feels like this just feels
like homeschooling with extra
steps to me it feels like if you're
going to have a problem kid it's just
going to be exacerbated so
much um because without someone there
being able to do something about it uh I
don't know what if they just frown at
the AI camera for like five minutes what
does it do
nothing nothing does it make the tasks
easier because it detects kid is upset
like I don't know assuming that every
single kid is just going to do this
perfectly seems but I mean assuming
every kid is going to do Traditional
School perfectly you know it's not right
is that the whole reason why the
teachers are there or a big part of it
but I mean not every teacher is great I
mean I definitely agree you know one of
one of my most frustrating experiences
person had at least one bad teacher yeah
being in school was knowing from having
parents who were teachers and from
having my teachers who were teachers and
you know seeing a little bit of the
inside baseball knowing that competency
was not necessarily the most important
attribute for keeping your job and
getting promotions and raises yeah
seniority yeah it was politics you know
that and that's
not yeah that's not how things should be
done right
um anyway yeah good good luck Arizona
um I I am deeply
worried about
the I I'm I'm deeply worried about
education Top Gear said no there will be
a Baseline and it will be monitored it
won't be so easy they graduate below
level um yeah but you can't fail kids
anymore that's a whole thing so like
actually it totally could
be I don't know I don't have a great
answer and I'm not in that field I don't
have a kid but education doesn't feel
like it's going in a fantastic Direction
I feel bad for the kids the No Child
Left Behind Paradigm um feels
like it feels sort
of Conrad a good idea like a or a warm
idea that in practice I just don't
really understand why we're still giving
it any Credence Conrad says my mom is a
teacher and says the upcoming generation
is not okay and I don't think it's their
fault to be super clear at all I I
think the the current Powers at be are
setting them up for failure um I don't I
don't think it's the kids
yeah
anyways yeah inventor to boy five says
yeah that's what my sister's telling me
too she's a teacher too they are super
uninterested in
learning
um yeah I'm I'm reminded of that famous
misattributed quote
um that is not actually from peanuts and
lonus did didn't actually say this in
the strip but
uh so
good that's pretty
good yeah it's stuck with me though yeah
I mean it feels like that
right yeah actual attribution as
Shakur all
right open AI outlines new for-profit
corporate structure nice they've
outlined a plan to change their
corporate structure by transforming its
for-profit arm into a public benefit
Corporation a company structured to
balance the interest of society with
sharehold shareholder value which should
make securing investors easier they
recently completed a $6.6 billion
funding Round 4 billion from Amazon
alone and currently have a 157 billion
valuation the proposed change comes
after Elon Musk dropped the lawsuit
claiming a for-profit structure would be
illegal musk and Sam mman worked
together for nine worked together nine
years ago to Launch Open AI as a
nonprofit Prof with the mission
statement to develop generative AI for
the benefit of society musk left in 2018
after seeming frustrations over the
company taking billions in funding from
Microsoft um also failing to gain a
majority stake in the company for
himself might have had something to do
with it yeah yeah there's been the whole
thing with the might have suddenly made
that everything y yep yep yep yep yep
yep yep any who uh that's it for our
topics oh Dan left cool well we're going
to switch to after dark when Dan comes
back in the meantime um I could read
some off if you want oh what happened to
the
uh oh I have another GoFundMe that
unlike the one we talked about earlier
is um not a downer and oh hey look at
that pass it goal let's go wait did we
oh okay
well I mean you know what that's cool
some Anonymous person yesterday donated
$1,000 uh reboot rewind has a GoFundMe
you guys can feel free to resurrect this
iconic animated show from my childhood
was actually the first fully computer
animated TV show uh here's some footage
um y pretty awesome you guys can check
that out
there I did not end up stalling for very
long no uh do you want me to read some
off oh uh yeah we could do that or we
could wait for Dan they'll wait okay oh
we don't have have a lot of time to kill
though that's what I'm yeah I kind of
have to I have to leave at some point
okay there aren't a ton of them either
though oh has Dan been filtering a lot
of them there's only 10 oh okay they
uh apparently people just don't care
about leaving merch messages because
there was bought a lot of backpacks I
think he also was maybe pretty
aggressive with the curating because
there was a decent amount of merch
messages I'll let you guys know how many
discount codes are left uh we are down
to to mental math is hard we're down to
about
3500 so we have a couple videos that are
queued to go up this weekend that have
call outs for the computer bag it's
after dark time Dan and I'm a little
worried that we might have to YouTube
edit or like cut out the part uh
referring to the discount code we'll see
how it goes so many of them
yeah already yeah let's do
it I must have missed a topic change
sorry about that no you're good Dan
don't even trip dog I'm
tripping look at that now it's dark so
good dude I
I I have been an
absolute lump for the last two days I
don't remember the last time I did less
I didn't even I didn't even respond to
social messages like Luke messaged me
over the holiday actually with some some
stuff that probably merited paying
attention to I was a little surprised
you didn't respond I was like okay I
mean it's fine he's probably busy so so
initially initially I just had a lot of
family stuff going on up until the
25th um or until the 25th and I think i'
I think I've updated you on like my
family being a little complicated right
now um so that was I assumed there was
stuff going on I wasn't I wasn't
bothered by it um and then and then on
the 25th and the 26th I I went and
played badminton with my in-laws and my
son nice and other than that did
literally actually nothing and then
yesterday um I went and played some
badminton in the evening because I
looked at my step counter and I had like
steps I did actually nothing so you
probably saw me on Steam like all day
yesterday like I would no yesterday was
my family's Christmas got it yeah so if
you'd been on your computer you would
have seen me on Steam doing absolutely
nothing I am substantially ahead of you
in Final Fantasy 6 I okay and I only
played yesterday and a little bit in the
evening the day before you know it
shouldn't be an always thing but it's
it's not a bad idea to slow down every
once in a while I don't remember the
last time that I've done it and you know
what it was kind of glorious but but at
the end of the day yesterday I was like
really brother okay on the wor so I
dragged my I dragged my butt to smash I
played for a couple hours and then I
jumped on the stair Master for 10
minutes I found out my step rate by the
way um the the speed that I'm doing is
133 steps per minute so whoa um it says
350 Watts on the wow on the thing so I
only did I only did 10 minutes I don't
know but I think that's really good I
only did 10 minutes of that yesterday uh
but what I've been doing um before when
I told you that I would would cycle
between the machines is I've been trying
to do half an hour and so I've been
doing um for rowing 2 minutes for every
500 m is about the pace that I Target
and then for the StairMaster I've been
doing uh that so I've been doing 133
steps per minute and then for the bike
I've been targeting about 140 Watts so
that was that's my like half an hour
continuous that I've been trying to do
I've fallen off the wagon a little bit
over the last couple days as I as I
already told you
but when the uh when those binton
players come out here for the collab I
want to be at the point where I can
comfortably do half an hour of
continuous like crazy cardio Rod mind
out the gut
please we both read that at the same
time I want to be able to do 15 minutes
continuous on the stair Master at that
speed and uh expect that from Rod and
then I'm going to bookend it with the
bike and the rower nice so I'm thinking
I'll go oh man what will I what will I
do yeah cuz the bike is really tough on
the thighs too I might have to find like
a third cardio machine that's not just
pure legs cuz oh the you isn't there an
elliptical there oh yeah that's true
elliptical is your most well-rounded
whole body one that you have okay yeah
May why I push for that maybe I'll do
elliptical then so I could do but you
got to actually operate the handles yeah
well I'm going to need to because my
legs will be dead so maybe I could do
the elliptical last so I could row and
then jump on the stair master and then
do the elliptical for the last five
minutes pull it into your yeah I know
yeah yeah I did try out for the rowing
team oh nice yeah yeah that's as far as
I got they did invite me they did invite
me to be the coxen ah yeah light yeah
and loud yeah oh yeah piercing makes
sense
all right hit me down hi what big house
upgrades or projects do you have in the
works I struggle with permanent
modifications for example throwing holes
in the walls so I love watching home
upgrades
okay okay I am going to do this I want
to build like an epic
catwall like with all the like things
and the things and the ropes and the
things they can climb and stuff I want
the entire upstairs hallway essentially
oh sick to be just like cat jungle
jungley jungle gym not jungle nice yeah
I and I would honestly I would we can
never close doors in our house so I
would honestly love to work out some
kind of like tunnel system so they can
get in and out of rooms the problem is
that so that then you could close doors
is that yeah for my room I do have sound
isolation
requirements um you know and so I would
that that's good real yeah yeah yeah
yeah so what I was kind of thinking is
maybe what we you could just get like a
plug cuz the cat's whine if we close our
door mhm but if we had just a hole then
there would always be sound leakage
which is not better y so what I'm kind
of thinking is maybe I could
um G maybe I could make like a cat thing
and then they could go into like a
tunnel that takes them up through the
attic to somewhere else on the cat thing
so they could get in and out of our room
oh all the time but we could just close
our door so or something like that so
that there wouldn't be a clear path for
for sound you could make like a a
baffles basically that they have to like
walk
through yeah yeah yeah yeah exactly I
think something like that would be cool
don't worry they're not going to go up
in the attic will en close it obviously
come on guys give me some credit here
give me some credit
here um other than that like I don't
know fixing the roof solar oh the light
switches man because we've actually had
like two days off ivonne's been learning
to crochet cuz like her husband's busy
playing video games I guess so time to
time to go full old lady um and she's
been like reaming me about our horrible
light switches cuz I need in AI to hurry
up and get me those millimeter wave
switches yeah I think those are the big
ones they are pretty horrible yeah they
are pretty horrible did you just turn
off all the
time next up sure um clapped K24 cord
says I'm an insulator I always find it
hilarious when parents soundproof their
bedrooms it's a very common
option yeah I mean that's considerate
it's a good thing it's considerate yeah
why not
considerate healthy
bedrooms no
soundproofed the kids don't have to hear
all the fighting yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah that's it yeah there you go keep
family friendly well maybe so much worse
so much worse literally worse L lonus
luk and Dan how do the three of you
individually maintain the desire and
effort levels to keep working on your
hobbies how do you keep pushing
yourselves to be better at your jobs uh
well you guys push me to be better at my
job so so there's that I mean I I think
we also push ourselves a lot um as for
maintaining effort levels for my
hobbies do I badminton badminton I do I
do I'm highly motivated to be better at
it I um it's the motivation for me is
that it counts as exercise so I don't
feel like I'm wasting time when I'm
playing badminton unless I sign up for a
session that's like tournaments feel
like a waste of time those are an
Indulgence if I play a tournament I know
that I'm playing like 20% of the time
and I could have easily done a lot of
other stuff in that time um but no that
that's the easy tournaments is like a a
benchmark though absolutely check where
you're at yeah oh dude we actually my
team instead of coming eighth like last
year we came ninth this year but I
actually I I don't mind that result it
doesn't actually feel like a downgrade
especially for me personally because the
only reason we're ninth is because our
first match at 9:00 a.m. on the first
day was the one that determined that we
would have no shot at the top eight oh
because the way the seating worked uh we
we were seated two within our group of
four for Round Robin and we played
number three and it was close their team
won three games ours won two but two of
the ones we lost went to Deuce which is
um and one of the ones went to deuce in
the third set so basically that means
that's where you're tied at the end and
you have to win by two yeah um so it was
really close and then once that was over
that very first match uh the next one
was basically a walkover we played the
fourth seed and like you know they tried
hard and whatever but was was a
different class of Team yeah and then
our our last one in our round robin was
a walk over for the other team they were
the top seed and I think they went on to
win so basically the team that we
lost barely barely two they weren't even
eighth they were like higher than eighth
but because we lost two in our round
robin stage the best we could do was you
guys were screwed yeah and then the
following day we won all the way through
so we came came in ninth yeah so I don't
even feel that bad about it and in that
first one I won my game um I I played
men's doubles and I played against the
person that I lost to in my final game
the previous year which was what put us
in eighth instead of seventh and I won
cool so so personally I felt like it was
a pretty big upgrade I I played really
well the only games I lost were the one
that was against the team that won and
one of the one of the kids that was on
the other team literally plays at like a
national level like currently I'm like
okay whatever I got a few points I feel
good about that and then the other one I
lost um I retired from uh my team had
already won so we were just playing for
fun and I hurt my back and that was like
in a lot of pain for a week or two like
that was when I was telling you I
couldn't sneeze like sneezing was like
incapacitating I like pulled something I
also got tennis I shouldn't have played
that last for fun game it was really
close up until I was like guys I'm done
wasn't your ankle like a little bit
messed up still at that time yeah I had
to wear a brace but it didn't bother me
during the tournament okay but no I was
like three different parts of your body
very injured um not awesome yeah and
yeah oh man and to be clear I'm not
going to make any excuses they won you
know when you retire from the match they
won I'm just saying any match I
completed or was not playing someone who
you know it literally is like almost
Semi-Pro right I I performed really well
so I was really happy with that yeah
nice yeah Pains of getting old dude I
hear that
100%
100% hey D we never got Luke's answer oh
we didn't what was the question staying
motivated for your hobbies oh
um Progressive overload incremental
progression I am addicted to those two
concepts that's pretty much it yep
getting old is going to be hard oh yeah
I've I've had this like Crisis moment
many times where I'm like the the thing
that drives me on like everything is
getting marginally better all the time
and when that
inverts oh no I don't know what's going
to happen in my brain well you'll a mid
crisis not well set up for this yeah
like I have I have self-reflected that's
why they call it midlife crisis it's not
midlife Happy Fun Time fair enough I
I've I've been thinking like I'm going
to have to you could buy a
Porsche I think I'm gonna have to try to
find like like reduction of in
incremental decline as something to aim
for yeah and go like okay looking at the
math of like averages of how people tend
to decline at this age if I can beat
That by this amount that's my goal so
yeah maybe
I'll be slower or or lift less or not be
as good or score lower whatever the
metric is but if I can have that be by a
lower amount than would be expected yeah
just set a new Benchmark yeah I think
that's going to be benk of like sucking
less yeah pretty much let's go I
competitive aging
says pretty
much this is this has been my like I've
been planning for this Strat for a long
time though because I'm genuinely very
concerned about this you can be like
that weird Brian Johnson guy oh
no you Ally just described him I guess
yeah got him you take 14,000 pills every
day um anyways okay hey D I've seen more
people losing access to their steam
accounts after being hacked I'm
terrified of losing all my games what's
the best way to protect yourself in the
All Digital future don't click on
anything yeah uh evidence of ownership
um have good TFA set up yeah if you can
contact support and be like this is
clearly me then you might have a better
chance I don't know I don't know yeah so
just take a picture of your driver's
license and make that your steam profile
sorry I couldn't even get that out don't
do that don't do that but it'd be funny
it would be kind of funny but yeah make
make sure you have TFA TFA set up
um I don't know if steam has a log out
on all other systems thing does it do
you know I think so I think if you log
out of steam it I think yeah I'm pretty
sure it does than my other or no if you
change your password it it'll it'll log
out of every system okay yeah uh someone
says SMS is not real tofa yeah have the
the Steam app yeah y that's been good
for a long time H I mean yeah the Steam
app kind of sucks but no but the fact
that they have yes but having it is good
yes hello again parasocial friends I
make training videos for the trucking
industry truck stops to mechanics Etc do
you think a strict structure is needed
for these or would a more YouTube Style
approach I guess be beneficial cut off
depends if you're really good at it then
a conversational casual YouTube style
approach would be great if you really
need people to like if this is like for
certification you know like if this is
something that that needs to be covered
in a in a DOT all the teas and cross all
the eyes kind of way
um you might be able to mix it in that
case but you're still going to have to
get pretty strict structure y y I agree
you can you can like have fun until you
get to the the the T Crossing and ey
dotting section and then you need to be
pretty strict for a bit to make it like
very very clear what the bounds are and
then you can maybe get back to having
fun hey lldd what greater benefits would
emerging content creators get in float
plane compared to patreon thanks for all
y'all do you could make less money yeah
you might like that you won't know until
you've tried it
uh Flo plane's more of a focus on video
um I haven't looked into what patreon's
done for a while on video but FL plane
really is majorly focused on video to
the point where it's probably not as
good of a solution if you're not a video
creator and and if you're an emerging
content creator that's why I
specifically am talking to you it's it's
not for you you need to maximize the
money that you can get because you need
it to eat and our Revenue split is not
going to be conducive to that our
platform is designed for extremely high
quality video and audio and so if you
are a large Creator and say for example
you were looking to like white label a
platform or something like that our
Revenue split is a lot more competitive
like if your alternate is hiring a
development team and building something
yeah we're going to look Stellar yeah
whereas if your alternative is like
uploading unlisted videos on YouTube or
vime or something and then just
like has their has a native one I think
they have a native one now but but the
point is just like if your alternative
is finding something free and sending an
unlisted link to the people who to the
several dozen people who follow you at
zero overhead then you should do that
you know it's it's horses for courses
yeah there's there's solutions for for
everybody um we like Flo plane few other
people on the platform seem to really
like Flo plane there's also a lot of
benefits to patreon the split is
generally better um but it also entirely
depends like if you if you set if you
set your price to the right price on
float plane based on how we do our
costing you can get a better split than
there is on patreon um most people won't
do that but it is possible because we
just have sorry no I just I had a
something something upside down stuck in
my throat we we have uh our our costs
are like fixed for creaters so if you if
you balloon like if you have a super
fancy expensive Omega tier um but it
doesn't take any extra from us because
we have a limit on our features
obviously um then we don't take more so
you could theoretically take more but
then you're asking for a lot from your
audience at that point so most people
aren't going to do it so yeah unless you
have like feet pcks on there or
something I don't know true we would we
would I I I don't think we have anything
against vpix technically and we don't
really discriminate not a serious
conversation we don't talk about I'm
being real man I'm you don't know maybe
maybe he's trying to sell this lus maybe
the maybe the what would you call the
top CR the the top foot is watching us
what would you call the top Creator in
the feet pick
category I tell you to put your foot in
your mouth but the servers probably
couldn't handle
it the big toe says UC Buffalo toe UCR
buffalo in chat just one
you don't you don't know maybe the big
toes watching man we got to we got to
make sure they know that they would be
welcome here cuz we don't yeah we don't
really as long as it's legal we don't
really discern against
creators oh all right let's
see hello Dan linnen Luke what is the
average amount of versions of
product go through
for that's all okay product revs in
development yeah you just you got it um
I I think the I think the backpack was
about half a dozen each for the commuter
and the original um we've been told by
our suppliers that we go through an
obnoxious number of product revs and
it's actually caused some strain on our
relationships sometimes where we'll do
half a dozen product revs and just be
like no it's not good enough uh they
don't like to hear that if you don't go
to mass production essentially they
subsidize their sample production um
with the assumption that you're going to
go to mass production uh from my point
of view I'm like that's stupid then just
tell me how much it cost to make a
sample and I'll be happy to but it's not
that simple right there's an opportunity
cost on their side um but yeah I I would
say somewhere between 4 and 7 is about
where we're at on on revisions for
products some a lot more like for
something like the um for something like
the screwdriver you know we might go
through that many revisions for every
part right that many revisions for the
ratchet that many revisions for the um
the molds and and so the the overall
number of revisions goes up like
exponentially the more parts there are
in a product but uh for socks for socks
I think we're on like 10 or 12 or
something like that I think we're close
though I think we're
close the the the blue samples that I've
do I have them on I don't the blue
samples I've been wearing recently are
really
good hello LL what are your thoughts on
containerization I talk about my
interest in it at work all my co-workers
think it's dumb what are some other cool
things you guys do with it who thinks
it's dumb yeah who are your co-workers
yeah really your co-workers that you
talk to about this know what it is and
think it's dumb I don't really
understand I don't know anyone in the
field that thinks it's
dumb genuinely zero people I've never
met a single person they want the whole
system to crash when like monolithic
only to the point where when I was
reading this I was like wait do they
mean like physical containers cuz I've
I've never met a single person far be it
for me to criticize someone who sent a
$120 merch message but are you just like
baiting us like uh maybe cuz I I don't
I'm not I'm not sure if I believe you
show this to your co-workers yeah what
are they talking about maybe they just
don't know what it is properly like
maybe maybe it's more of an education
problem yeah maybe they use a different
term for it or something
um maybe they think you said a bad word
and then aner what's a ma okay I like it
what's a MAA uh in FL plane chat said
Prime and Theo both complain about
kubernetes and Docker yeah sure but the
solutions that they like are as far as
my understanding goes generally running
on systems where the containerization is
just detached from them it's still
happening from the service provider they
just don't have to deal with it
themselves because they don't want to do
infrastructure so they just use services
to do it which is great and popular and
like I mean still containerization we
use verell for for the lab's website
versel is still doing containerization
stuff I'm sure it's a concept it's not a
it's
like yeah my program is my my co-workers
think programming is dumb yeah and like
yeah it sucks sometimes like I I can
totally understand what language why
Prime and Theo might be like yeah this
sucks you shouldn't like waste your time
doing this as someone who's just trying
to spin up like website you should use
like this this service thing like great
um yeah you probably shouldn't develop
your own personal store in
2025 uh because like Shopify exists and
you should just use that um that doesn't
mean containerization is
dumb that means that you might not want
to be the person who's interfacing with
it depending on what you're doing um we
use kubernetes to grade effect with
float plane that was not the right
approach for the the lab's
website
um cool oh dude Nick just messaged me we
have removed the discount messaging for
the uh commuter bag from the Sunday and
Monday releases oh wow he doesn't think
they're going to make it that long oh
wow that's crazy he says he thinks it's
going to be gone tomorrow all right well
we'll see we'll see obviously I hope
he's
right all right lldd my work recently
banned third and personal monitors
citing security concerns but always
allow personal monitors work from home 2
days a week what do you think same
computer office and work from home
phones are allowed on site now your
co-workers are
stupid I'm what I'm assuming this is an
IT team currently fighting policy that's
yeah you can link them to this video by
the way um you can tell them that lonus
says that you made them look
stupid by laying out by laying out their
horrible horrible policy that actually
makes me question whether they are
competent enough to run any sort of
business at all let alone one that uses
technology freaking dunked actual idiots
um that is not how any of that
works band Third and personal monitors
so they can't have a third Monitor and
they can't bring monitors and they can't
bring a personal monitor okay I can
understand not wanting people to bring
monitors from home but you're allowed to
use your personal monitor at home yeah
but bringing a personal monitor into the
workspace I can understand why that
might be phone as a liability but not a
like if you're allowed to like look
security leave this at the office I
don't let people bring their own lenses
and tripods monitors but but it's it's
not even liability it's just like
because that's stupid if you need
something to do your job then the
workplace should provide it it's that
simple right but so it's nothing to do
with security concerns if you are
allowed to have your own personal phone
with you everything else is out the
window because that is the easiest
Vector picture like what I'm going to
bring a I'm going to bring a special
special secret magic monitor with a Ras
pie embedded in it so I can use a HDMI
RF snooping on the cable signal beam it
to my spy Espionage office across the
street like obviously yeah cuz there
there's obviously workplaces where that
shouldn't be allowed but they almost
certainly also wouldn't allow you to
bring phones in yes so
like yeah they said they use the same PC
at home so laptop
okay but they're allowed a personal
monitor so who cares home yeah
yeah if you can have a phone you can
have essentially your own computer at
work they just haven't figured it out
yet is this like a
have your cake and eat it too
thing what like they they don't want to
buy people extra monitors but they also
don't want to be like that workplace
that you have to bring your own monitor
to so they're just like you're not
allowed and also
no could be maybe yeah this could be one
of those things where they're just
hiding behind security concerns um
there's no real I mean okay there is
real security concerns they're just also
ignoring all the other bigger more
obvious I think I think that if they're
if they want to be honest they should
just say no because if other people see
you with a third monitor they won't ask
you if you brought it from home and
they're going to whine and complain
until they get a third Monitor and
that's not in the budget everyone gets
two monitors and I just don't feel like
dealing with it that's the more honest
answer probably yeah almost always there
is the reason why you can't have
something nice is because someone else
[__] it up oh yeah almost always oh
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah it's always so
frustrating or or your workplace is a
bunch of cheap butt heads it's super
frustrating when you're on the like
Administration side of that and you see
it happening and you're like man I
really wish this person would stop
because if they don't stop I'm going to
have to do something about this but this
has worked fine for years and years and
years because no one's pushed it past
this limit and then you like try to get
them to stop and they just won't and
then you have to kill it for everybody
and it just sucks I remember having like
tough conversations with you about stuff
that we like can't do anymore and you're
stupid I'm like trust me I know how
stupid it is more than you ever will
yeah yeah it's frustrating there's
nothing I can do about it it's
frustrating cuz like there you can you
can interact in good faith in a certain
way but you have to be careful about it
because other people might see it and
then interact with that thing in bad
faith and then it gets turned off for
everybody and it's happened a bunch of
times I can I know I cannot give you
examples for reasons that I hope would
be obvious oh here's a good one good
comment from chroni I'd be willing to
bet they're using monitoring software
and it has a TW monitor limit so for the
work from home setup it's a laptop with
only one display out that's a good
hypothesis I like it I like
it I mean the fact that you have your
phone still is like stupid or whatever
it says personal sighting CER but allows
personal monitors work from home two
days a week they might have a way of
doing more than one display
okay I don't know that is interesting
though why are you so popular today I
don't know he's so
popular all right hit me Dan sure I was
just waiting for the interruption to
stop Hi lus
and hi lus and
luk I would like to game single co-op
games from my PC to my living room TV
there are around 60 ft apart how would
you guys solve this Optical HDMI cable
and probably um a USB over ethernet
adapter we showed USB 2 ones that are
cheap like like 10 15 bucks cheap that
can easily do that
distance uh that's that would be the the
highest Fidelity way the low Fidelity
but probably easier way with less wiring
would be to just use stream
so have a thin client and just use like
steam in home streaming or whatever
they've rebranded it to steam link or
whatever they call it
now what tech were you most sad to see
flop or fall out of fashion I really
wish phones with physical keyboards were
still improved and made
mainstream uh hold on before we move on
UCR Buffalo says why not HDMI to
ethernet adapters too because by the
time you do that you've added all of the
cost and complexity of an optical cable
except you're paying for copper now
fiber is actually cheaper by the foot um
it's just the media conversion that's
expensive so if you're going to have
media conversion a lot of the time
unless you need to be able to service it
in the field like if you're doing Live
Events or something like that um there's
no reason to use um like like HDMI over
ethernet instead of just HDMI over fiber
um also a lot of the HDMI over ethernet
stuff is not like 4K 120 whereas you can
get fiber optic HDMI cables that that
will allow you to do the full HDMI
2.1 no not any lag difference that I'm
aware of it's
just just doesn't make sense like in the
home okay sorry uh what were you most
sad to see flop or fall a fashion I mean
3D is on my mind so I'm going to go I'm
going to go with that I'm going to go
with that because I've seen some glasses
free 3D that's like really good like we
could have gotten there we just the
content's not there anymore this person
said physical keyboards on phones I
don't agree with that but I do agree
with physical key inputs practically
everywhere else um there are some good
Solutions like I'm assuming the one in
your car is right it's okay but actually
almost everything else is trash
especially things public things that are
touchcreen just like I don't like
touching them and occasionally you get
ones that have like good rejection and I
can't use my knuckle on them cuz I don't
want to touch them with my fingy tips
yeah like I was a germaphobe before it
got cool in 2020 I don't like touching
things I don't like shaking hands like
one year I stopped shaking hands at CES
and immediately I stopped getting trade
show illness yeah I do the same thing
now okay brilliant um I I you used to be
able to press physical buttons with like
your keys or something yeah and now now
you have to touch screen and tons of
them are terrible so you have to do the
input like a billion times and one of
the nice things about physical Keys is
that they almost always do actually work
yeah and with touchcreen keys it's often
not a very good indicator of if it
actually worked or
not says your oh my God okay that's
going to defeat the purpose of using my
knuckles in the first place for things
you could spit on it you could Hawk to
it
um touch it there's a reference that
makes me old I guess
probably very slow uh anyways yeah
physical buttons on on random things I
think high-end touch screens having
physical having touchcreen buttons is
fine so phones is fine there's probably
some cars that are fine but there's also
some cars where it's terrible um but in
general just like physical buttons would
be
better
yeah Japan does this super well by the
way a lot of their stuff is still
physical buttons and it's very nice I
still think their train ticket kiosks
could be improved I
regardless of button type but I like the
buttons I'm working my dream job at a
big Tech data center nice the work is
fulfilling and amazing but there are
moral implications to working for a
major tech company oh so he works for
Amazon do you have advice for my moral
conflict there's lots of other data
centers you could work at also
um could be worse you could work for an
evil company like lus Media Group who
didn't tell anybody true about
[Music]
honey yeah dry dry your tears with money
that helps some amount of it's like you
got to survive yourself slash ass and a
lot of people will put their own as I
sort of am right now we'll put own
making sure making sure yall are up to
speed on that on you so you have to
decide where your line is um your line
is Oh
myness um
get it line is less anyways I get it um
it's just not funny yeah fair enough no
no I missed I missed it I missed it I I
didn't do it inten I was busy waiting
for I was busy waiting for chat to
actually for the people that didn't hear
the segment earlier on the honey stuff
to be like OMG is that what he really
said about it yeah for those of you who
weren't watching earlier what we said
was hey we don't really um know what
you're talking about we didn't know
almost any of this stuff at the time and
we dropped the sponsor years ago if
you're mad that's great you should be
mad be mad at honey be mad at their
parent company PayPal yeah yeah I I
don't there there seems to be a
perception out there that like what you
invest in and the job that you have
should have zero reflection on you at
all and I don't completely agree with
that I understand that sometimes you're
in a life situation where like you just
don't have another option luxury of just
like taking a stand yeah and that's so
that's one thing and I am not shooting
at that at all but I will say for myself
I've had extremely lucrative potential
job offers that I have not wanted to
take because of where they were at and I
didn't take
them so like it's not
impossible and like I I've heard must
have been awful I mean you were here and
we and we didn't and we didn't make a
video about
honey um so like I don't know there
there's it's it's possible I also know
people that had very good solid jobs and
then took a job somewhere that they
didn't like the company and complain
about it all the time and I'm like this
is entirely your fault are you just
calling me out or yeah the prime example
is Dan uh have you been reading my
blog U but yeah like I don't know you
should you should care at least a little
bit if it's your only option it's your
only option I'm not trying to dig you
for that you got to you got to put food
on the table but um you know if you have
a range of options life isn't just about
making more and more money 100% of the
time in my opinion yes it is which is
why I never made a video about
honey because yeah because you had some
form of financial gain there right yeah
for sure yeah for sure it's not that
honey was stealing my money losing the
AdSense on that video is was very
financially beneficial to you you mean
the uh you mean the affiliate Revenue no
on on the on the video oh yeah for sure
yeah not making that money and also not
exposing someone who was stealing from
me yeah yeah that was definitely my
motivation you really lined your pockets
you got it dude the number of times that
I see people be
like how is
it that lus spend so much money on this
but he couldn't afford $500 to test
something they're so close
they're so close to the answer they just
need a little nudge oh
man they're almost there it's almost
like they're nothing to do with each
other all right next up hello I love
being an internet personal I'm amazed if
you haven't just lost
it you don't know that he has
it see these These are crazy
eyes he hides it well on camera at least
hello from the I beat him off
camera watch him cower where the hell's
D this is me cowering I don't know why
it's pointing over there why is it so
dark you've let me down for the last
time Dan pointing the camera in the
wrong place don't make me throw things
at you again which I have actually done
and Luke has yeah yeah Luke actually
almost hit him that one time did I I
think so yeah oh nice you threw an
entire CPU Cooler at me probably had it
coming me yeah actually did when Luke
threw something at it that was actually
extremely warranted so
yeah I think I apologized is it victim
blaming if the victim blames thems I
think so no that was actually that
Stockholm syndrome or something not okay
the other times have been unwarranted
that one was
like and to be fair I threw like a small
little coaster it was that's right yeah
yeah
uh hello from the Netherlands to lonus
do you have any motorcycle specific Tech
you love if I may what bike do you ride
I have an SV 650s it's a
2003 but what bike I ride well none
because it's in pieces and has for two
years I'm G I'm going to do it this time
I'm going to do it this time this be
rusty no I'll be fine yeah I took a long
time off before and it's like whatever
you just it's like riding a
bike I don't really have any motorcycle
specific Tech I I use a
pebble for track changing cuz it has
physical buttons sure does and you got
gloves on okay makes sense time and
place for physical buttons and on the
motorbike is definitely one of them yeah
oh
no what did we both click archive at
exactly the same time and accidentally
archive two cards
nice
nice so weird my chat's not up updating
so I missed everything that uh chat had
to say oh well I'll
live just give me a sec here let me see
if I can find it no I won't Anonymous
asks lonus what was your favorite game
server or Community back when you were
younger what's your favorite memory from
there uh I well I mean it's got to be
the NC gaming server shout out death
Hawk you know who you
are all for me I'm GNA answer this
anyways even though I wasn't asked
playing that Left 4 Dead playing that
TF2 let's go no lifing it I think it was
Halo
2 oh yeah used to play a bunch with some
dude named Utah kushia which I've never
been able to find
[Music]
again sorry that's pretty good um but we
used to yeah I used to be a part of a
community on there it was it was mostly
myself and Utah Crusher but there was
some other people involved as well where
we would just try to glitch everything
we try to glitch out of maps um um we
figured out that the the rocket to sword
switch thing I think that was literally
us um and there there was there was a
bunch of other cool things too there's
whatever the name of the map was was
really really small it was a Covenant
Ship there's a floating platform in
the floating platform in the middle um
we the platform is a penis it's really
small have you just you've been spending
too much time in this pool I've been
spending too little time sleeping I
think that's it
um and we spent we spent way too much
time cuz we were kids but um getting
these containers to go all the way up
the ramps to where the floating platform
was and we had to time it perfectly we
screwed it up a few times but if you so
you're saying you put a box on the penis
kind of nice yeah two boxes two box wow
yeah same time that was actually the
whole that was a very important part of
the equation the physics of this sounds
painful it's tough difficult okay I'm
sorry what was the what what does it do
we got the boxes all the way up the ramp
and then we had to get them on the
floating platform at the same time and
that would slam the floating platform in
the ground which would horrifically
glitch the whole map out and it was
amazing we only able to do it once nice
we're probably the only people that did
it I'm assuming cuz it took forever and
it was really really stupid I forgot
about that really fun gaming session you
and I had taking the warthog plac it
wasn't supposed to go that was a blast
that's everything I love about FL uh
almost just said flow plane uh
everything I love about Halo is just
breaking Halo in horrific ways nice yeah
well there's also the music music music
is pretty good oh so good care for a
diagram I I could I could do like a
horrible paint drawing but I really
don't think it's worth it
yeah did we find
it what cool well thanks for tuning in
to the W show find what the the message
we were looking for that's the one he
read it he beat me to it oh what that
was there on my dashboard yeah it was
there on my too
what all right we'll see you again next
week same B Time same bad
Channel
bye so this is what gaslighting
is well then no it's not damn it you're
wrong there's a
leak and if you're wrong you deserved it
like how it gas lighting's not real y
crazy if it is you made it
[Music]
up oh man